slackers jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic  the films biggest problem  and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
koepps screenplay isnt nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory  and in spite of numerous minor flaws  scorseses best in more than a decade .
. . . postseptember    the sum of all fears  seems more tacky and reprehensible  manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
the lowkey direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense  claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
in the long  dishonorable history of quickie teenpop exploitation  like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
drives for the same kind of bittersweet  conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .
even if it made its original release date last fall  it wouldve reeked of a beenthere  donethat sameness .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious  and schneiders performance is so fine  its a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
is truth stranger than fiction ? in screenwriter charlie kaufmans world  truth and fiction are equally strange  and his for the taking .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made  beyond road warrior  it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama  but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo  was going to be released in imax format ? in a word  no .
forgettable horror  more gory than psychological  with a highly satisfying quotient of fridaynight excitement and milla power .
sodden and glum  even in those moments where its supposed to feel funny and light .
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy  vulgar is  truly and thankfully  a oneofakind work .
due to stodgy  soap operaish dialogue  the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
if this story must be told and retold  and indeed it must  then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
much of all about lily chouchou is mesmerizing  some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
its lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor  carlin and murphy .
why come up with something even quasioriginal  when you can pillage from shirley jackson  richard matheson . . . and puke up something like rose red ?
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification  superficiality and silliness .
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is  given its labor day weekend upload  feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
moores complex and important film is also  believe it or not  immensely entertaining  a david and goliath story thats still very much playing itself out .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside   never quite ignites .
ultimately   mib ii  succeeds due to its rapidfire delivery and enough inspired levity that it cant be dismissed as mindless .
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone whos ever had family trauma .
although trying to balance selfreferential humor and a normal ol slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor  the result doesnt fully satisfy either the diehard jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
the four feathers has rewards  from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
it may not be as cutting  as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her  but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
this is an exercise in chilling style  and twohy films the sub  inside and out  with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
 austin powers in goldmember  has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass  satin rouge shows that the idea of womens selfactualization knows few continental divides .
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joff and demi moores the scarlet letter .
it works well enough  since the thrills pop up frequently  and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
rumor  a muddled drama about coming to terms with death  feels impersonal  almost generic .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
an oldfashioned drama of substance about a teachers slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
suffocated at conception by its munchausenbyproxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star .
woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . there are a few modest laughs  but certainly no thrills .
its a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told  with superb performances throughout .
almodvar logra un filme entraable  lleno de compasin  comprensin  amor  amistad  esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable . 
a beautiful paean to a time long past .
imagine a film that begins as a seven ripoff  only to switch to a mix of the shining  the thing  and any naked teenagers horror flick from the s .
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truthtelling can open the door to liberation .
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers  apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
technically and artistically inept .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
blanchetts performance confirms her power once again .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from  but  curiously  he waters it down  turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus  accepting a yearold in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
its all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and its all about the silences and if youre into that  have at it .
a romantic comedy  yes  but one with characters who think and talk about their goals  and are working on hard decisions .
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas  and showtime is crammed full of them .
theres backstabbing  interracial desire and  most importantly  singing and dancing .
too simple for its own good .
perfectly enjoyable  instantly forgettable  nothing to write home about .
an elegant work  food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
a captivating crosscultural comedy of manners .
its a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . its a scorcher .
although olivier assayas elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation . . . its threehour running time plays closer to two .
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike  eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
finally  the frenchproduced  read my lips  is a movie that understands characters must come first .
does a good job of establishing a time and place  and of telling a fascinating characters story .
im not sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
at its best  which occurs often  michael moores bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking  soulsearching spirit of the are we a sick society ?  journalism of the s .
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
there are moments it can be heartrending in an honest and unaffected  and gentle  way .
beautifully shot  delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances  its a lyrical endeavour .
troubling and powerful .
 one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ?  um . . isnt that the basis for the entire plot ?
the films taste for  shock humor  will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .
flat  but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .
de niro looks bored  murphy recycles murphy  and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just whos being conned right up to the finale .
. . . a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hooha .
an overemphatic  wouldbe wacky  ultimately tedious sex farce .
davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she cant see how insufferable the character is .
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institutionacted mostly by the actual people involved .
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee  and it still is .
theres little to recommend snow dogs  unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
like so many other allegedly scary movies  it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic  achieving some honest insight into relationships that most highconcept films candycoat with pat storylines  precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
. . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller  you know death is lurking around the corner  just waiting to spoil things .
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
a thoughtful movie  a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of ones actions .
the film grows on you . and how .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers  what they think of themselves and their clients .
like rudy yellow lodge  eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
what a pity . . . that the material is so secondrate .
daring  mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled  despite many charming moments .
heavyhanded exercise in timevaulting literary pretension .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir  but director george hickenloopers approach to the material is too upbeat .
the problem with the bread  my sweet is that its far too sentimental .
sluggish  tonally uneven .
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
its not without its pleasures  but ill stick with the tune .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique  entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
the performances are remarkable .
allen se atreve a atacar  a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duracin
unfolds in a lowkey  organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
at least its a fairly impressive debut from the director  charles stone iii .
the innocence of holiday cheer aint what it used to be .
spare but quietly effective retelling .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . its an actors showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters  including the supporting ones .
even when hes not at his most critically insightful  godard can still be smarter than any  other filmmakers still at work .
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another  most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
. . . spiced with humor  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand  and witty updatings  silvers parrot has been replaced with morph  a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 
the allfrench cast is marveilleux .
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and roundrobin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
horrible
just not campy enough
id rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
a deceivingly simple film  one that grows in power in retrospect .
though writerdirector bart freundlichs film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parentchild relationship  it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudups anchoring performance .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained  but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
it lacks the compassion  goodnatured humor and the level of insight that made eyres first film something of a sleeper success .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they dont have  and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly  he is always sympathetic .
delia  greta  and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world  miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking  flawed humanity .
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie . . . is that he obviously doesnt have his heart in it .
. . . planos fijos  tomas largas  un ritmo pausado y una sutil observacin de sus personajes  sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
allens been making piffle for a long while  and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
directed with purpose and finesse by englands roger mitchell  who handily makes the move from pleasing  relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
it was a dark and stormy night . . .
this is a childrens film in the truest sense . its packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message  so its great for the kids . parents  on the other hand  will be ahead of the plot at all times  and there isnt enough clever innuendo to fil
a thoughtful  reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture  with its own rules regarding love and family  governance and hierarchy .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dogtag and an m .
a soggy  shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a hauntedhouse movie .
soulless and  even more damning  virtually joyless  xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie  maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perrys boss  there isnt a redeeming moment here .
so unassuming and pure of heart  you cant help but warmly extend your arms and yell safe ! 
after seeing swept away  i feel sorry for madonna .
infidelity drama is nicely shot  welledited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
a workshop mentality prevails .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex  dramatically satisfying heroine
lawrence bounces all over the stage  dancing  running  sweating  mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
topnotch action powers this romantic drama .
this is a movie filled with unlikable  spiteful idiots  whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
. . . the tale of her passionate  tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sands masculine persona  with its love of life and beauty  takes form .
its clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make  minutes seem twice as long .
its pushthelimits teen comedy  the type written by people who cant come up with legitimate funny  and its used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
theres not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
the new guy does have a heart . now  if it only had a brain .
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of whats wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
elegant  mannered and teasing .
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire  minutes .
comedian  like its subjects  delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun  nofrills ride .
. . . stale and uninspired .
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored  cheering the pratfalls but little else  their parents  wise folks that they are  read books .
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight  and indicative of his  if you will  outofkilter character  who rambles aimlessly through illconceived action pieces .
like a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art theyre struggling to create .
this may be dover kosashvilis feature directing debut  but it looks an awful lot like life  gritty  awkward and ironic .
delivers the sexy razzledazzle that everyone  especially movie musical fans  has been hoping for .
everything about the quiet american is good  except its timing .
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process .
its the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just cant take it any more .
working from elliotts memoir  rohmer fashions the sort of delicate  articulate character and relationship study hes favored for decades .
onesided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically  the movie is a disaster .
there is truth here
a smart little indie .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
the soinept itssurreal dubbing  featuring the voices of glenn close  regis philbin and breckin meyer  brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .
its quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
its not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date  but when it comes out on video  its well worth a rental .
the great pity is that those responsible didnt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
while not all that bad of a movie  its nowhere near as good as the original .
every dance becomes about seduction  where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated  and sex is currency .
what with all the blanket statements and dimestore ruminations on vanity  the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom  the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
a dark  quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
according to wendigo  nature loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderberghs best films   erin brockovich    out of sight  and  oceans eleven   never were .
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action  the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here  thankfully  they are .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo  but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking  quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose .
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is  there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago  and its cutesy reliance on moviespecific cliches isnt exactly endearing .
as a science fiction movie   minority report  astounds .
karmen moves like rhythm itself  her lips chanting to the beat  her long  braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country .
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times  but then  strangely  these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes  its too long and it goes nowhere .
mostly  goldbacher just lets her complicated characters be unruly  confusing and  through it all  human .
this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese  one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
a classy  sprightly spin on film .
. . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
a freeforall of halfbaked thoughts  clumsily used visual tricks and selfindulgent actor moments .
this is a very funny  heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life  but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
at its best  its black hawk down with more heart . at its worst  its rambo meetsjohn ford .
. . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
as vulgar as it is banal .
on the surface a silly comedy  scotland  pa would be forgettable if it werent such a clever adaptation of the bards tragic play .
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horroraction hybrid .
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message  if indeed there is one .
a weird little movie thats amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . s showbiz and media subcultures . but it doesnt leave you with much .
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissingers record into question and explain how the diplomats tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
seriously  rent the disney version .
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .
an eloquent  reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow  painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
while you have to admit its semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when youre a jet  youre a jet all the way   its equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to  tonight . 
it all unfolds predictably  and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time  providing no real sense of suspense .
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
while this one gets off with a good natured warning  future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and bfilm thuggery .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured .
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .
its hard not to be seduced by witherspoons charisma  even in this runofthemill vehicle  because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale  and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
it is a kickass  dense scifi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i havent seen one in so long  no wonder i didnt recognize it at first .
 what john does is heroic  but we dont condone it   one of the films stars recently said  a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the pictures moral schizophrenia .
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
the hours  a delicately crafted film  is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
a generation x artifact  capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last .
the irony is that this films cast is uniformly superb  their performances could have  should have  been allowed to stand on their own .
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique  which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
. . . could easily be called the best korean film of  .
the video work is so grainy and rough  so dependent on being naturalistic rather than carefully lit and set up  that its exhausting to watch .
its not a bad plot  but  unfortunately  the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low  smoky and inviting sizzle .
talk to her is so darned assured  we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way  and yet its hard to stop watching .
certainly not a good movie  but it wasnt horrible either .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and roughhewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
. . . hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
a mild  reluctant  thumbs down .
the movies messages are quite admirable  but the story is just too clichd and too often strains credulity .
it sounds sick and twisted  but the miracle of shainbergs film is that it truly is romance
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowiczmann .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prepschool kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness  and squanders its beautiful women .
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing  moldering pile of  well  extreme stunt pictures .
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
so we got ten little indians meets friday the th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenters the thing and loaded with actors youre most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
hardly an objective documentary  but its great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him  youve got to admire . . . the intensity with which hes willing to express his convictions .
succeeds as a wellmade evocation of a subculture .
i dont even care that theres no plot in this antonio banderaslucy liu faceoff . its still terrible !
. . . salaciously simplistic .
a pointed  often tender  examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
it wont be long before youll spy i spy at a video store near you .
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
coarse  cliched and clunky  this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
this is a visually stunning rumination on love  memory  history and the war between art and commerce .
blue crush swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
the culmination of everyones efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form in  last dance   .
its frustrating to see these guys  who are obviously pretty clever  waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold  a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
seagals strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this years razzie .
its mostly a pleasure to watch . and the reason for that is a selfaware  often selfmocking  intelligence .
a fairly bythebooks blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
it doesnt offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series  but i wouldnt be interested in knowing any of them personally .
a sciencefiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay  the glacierpaced direction and the stereotypical characters .
unspools like a highbrow  lowkey  minute infomercial  blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
fancy a real downer ? leigh lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away on this screenplay .
i cant quite recommend it  its too patched together  but i almost can  its the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it  but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
theres no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited  again .
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
as spent screen series go  star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up  and theres nothing to drink .
dazzling and sugarsweet  a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex  scandal  and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
. . . feels as if  theres  a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good  hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
bottomrung new jack city wannabe .
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gangmember teens in brooklyn circa  .
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
with dirty deeds  david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control  driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same  we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster  this time  there isnt much .
whats next   my mother the car ? 
a stirring  funny and finally transporting reimagining of beauty and the beast and s horror films
its a fanboy what if ?  brought to life on the big screen .
the work of an exhausted  desiccated talent who cant get out of his own way .
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg  michael j . wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hiphop sorely disappointed .
a tired  unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasnt all that great to begin with .
despite all the closeddoor hankypanky  the film is essentially juiceless .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick  the emperors club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
light  silly  photographed with colour and depth  and rather a good time .
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
after a while  the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
grant goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
a better title  for all concerned  might be swept under the rug .
a dreary  incoherent  selfindulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious  meaningless prattle .
flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .
the movies blatant derivativeness is one reason its so lackluster .
tully is worth a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
i cry for i spy  or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintagetv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
the best film of the year  .
despite its raucous intent  xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paperthin supporting characters .
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
theres something poignant about an artist of plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
el peso de un lquido incoloro  el peso del lquido vital  del amor como elemento de vida  y de muerte . . .
a film neither bitter nor sweet  neither romantic nor comedic  neither warm nor fuzzy .
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection  so we believe these characters love each other .
the biggest problem i have  other than the very sluggish pace  is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress  even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company  but inside it hes well worth spending some time with .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy  what time is it there ? may prove to be tsais masterpiece .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and its all the stronger because of it .
no big whoop  nothing new to see  zero thrills  too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that its actually watchable . even more baffling is that its funny .
its a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
a reasonably entertaining sequel to s surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
allens underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
recoings fantastic performance doesnt exactly reveal what makes vincent tick  but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly executed idea .
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film  without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writerdirector himself .
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form  but far too clunky  didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
its traditional moviemaking all the way  but its done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
after making several adaptations of other writers work  armeniancanadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
its an exhilarating place to visit  this laboratory of laughter .
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isnt even close to being the barnburningly bad movie it promised it would be .
its better to go in knowing full well whats going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . 
johnnie to and wai ka fai are sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the films interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
obvious  obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
an unflinching  complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen onscreen .
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved  and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry  but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowlings books .
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea  this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
its savetheplanet message clashes with its crass marketing .
all very stylish and beautifully photographed  but far more trouble than its worth  with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
a fanciful drama about napoleons last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
nakatas technique is to imply terror by suggestion  rather than the overuse of special effects .
not everything works  but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts  the wide range of one actor  and the limited range of a comedian .
a delightful  if minor  pastry of a movie .
i know i shouldnt have laughed  but hey  those farts got to my inner nineyearold .
gangs  despite the gravity of its subject matter  is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
manipulative claptrap  a periodpiece movieoftheweek  plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn  a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
though its equally solipsistic in tone  the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans saga of hollywood excess .
what makes barbershop so likable  with all its flaws  is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
its a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic  but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie  you know the picture is in trouble .
kinnear doesnt aim for our sympathy  but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zerodimensional  unlikable characters and hackneyed  threadbare comic setups .
with or without ballast tanks  k sinks to a harrison ford low .
while parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melvilles plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boys characters more quickwitted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
its jaggers bonedry  mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagals character . . . performs is shot from behind  as if it could fool us into thinking that were not watching a double .
the origin story is well told  and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . its in the action scenes that things fall apart .
this romanticcomedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
. . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
macdowell . . . gives give a solid  anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else shes ever done .
fresh and raw like a blownout vein  narc takes a walkingdead  copflick subgenre and beats new life into it .
writerdirector david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor  verve and fun .
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movies power as a work of drama .
the movies seams may show . . . but pellington gives  mothman  an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
witty and often surprising  a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
one of recent memorys most thoughtful films about art  ethics  and the cost of moral compromise .
obvious
when it really counts . . . bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
lazy  miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented  and based on three short films and two features  heres betting her third feature will be something to behold .
its hampered by a lifetimechannel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for  though lovers of the book may wonder why its necessary .
this ecologically minded  wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
less than fresh .
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
a quiet treasure  a film to be savored .
ah  the travails of metropolitan life ! alas  another breathless movie about same !
it recycles every clich about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series  accompanying the stunthungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags  pranks  pratfalls  dares  injuries  etc .
this surreal gilliamesque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes . a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challengehungry moviegoers .
the only time  crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
frankly  its kind of insulting  both to men and women . and its not that funny  which is just generally insulting .
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
the film is quiet  threatening and unforgettable .
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet and sophistication .
its so underwritten that you cant figure out just where the other characters  including anas father and grandfather  come down on the issue of anas future .
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i cant wait for the sequel .
villeneuve seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his sons home after decades away .
i didnt believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
theres something fundamental missing from this story  something or someone to care about .
this charming  thoughtprovoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
less dizzying than just dizzy  the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
witless and utterly pointless .
a full world has been presented onscreen  not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and wellrealized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
the latest vapid actors exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzlers reigen .
in his debut as a film director  denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
a violent initiation rite for the audience  as much as it is for angelique  the opening dance guarantees karmens enthronement among the cinemas memorable women .
has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
when a movie has stuck around for this long  you know theres something there . its that good .
this film looks like it was produced in   shelved for  years  and repackaged for a  audience .
the most audacious  outrageous  sexually explicit  psychologically probing  pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .
its direction  its script  and weavers performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining  minutes  if thats what youre in the mood for .
ver wiels desperate attempt at wit is lost  leaving the character of critical jim twodimensional and pointless .
cold  nervy and memorable .
its fun  splashy and entertainingly nasty .
the smash emup  crash emup  shoot emup ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
a sundrenched masterpiece  part parlor game  part psychological case study  part droll social satire .
at best  cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store  in search of a better movie experience .
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences the chteau is a film  full of life and small delights  that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
the script is high on squaddie banter  low on shocks .
as is often the case with ambitious  eager firsttime filmmakers  mr . murray  a prolific director of music videos  stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had todays moodaltering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in  .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest  but its just not a thrilling movie .
 what really happened ?  is a question for philosophers  not filmmakers  all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno .
there arent too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming  without a thick shmear of the goo  at least   but  elling  manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the years most enjoyable releases .
despite these annoyances  the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
the beauty of alexander paynes ode to the everyman is in the details .
while solondz tries and tries hard  storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
the minor figures surrounding bobby . . . form a gritty urban mosaic .
unlike his directorial efforts  la femme nikita and the professional  the transporter lacks bessons perspective as a storyteller .
the whole talkinganimal thing is grisly .
a sweettempered comedy that forgoes the kneejerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
a whimsical if predictable timetravel fable marred by a willful singlemindedness .
charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style its virtually its own hollywood remake .
tykwers surface flash isnt just a poor fit with kieslowskis lyrical pessimism  it completely contradicts everything kieslowskis work aspired to  including the condition of art .
its a thin notion  repetitively stretched out to feature length  awash in selfconsciously flashy camera effects  droning house music and flat  flat dialogue .
laughoutloud lines  adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances  and sparkling  bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girls dilemma .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshalls intense freight train of a film .
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
. . . think of it as american pie on valium .
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained comingofage drama .
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at  listen to  and think about  it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
twobit potboiler .
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector .
the movie obviously seeks to recreate the excitement of such s flicks as jules vernes    leagues under the sea and the george pal version of h . g . wells the time machine .  but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
tunney  brimming with coltish  neurotic energy  holds the screen like a true star .
. . . a somber film  almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
bad in such a bizarre way that its almost worth seeing  if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
this time kaufmans imagination has failed him .
intimate and panoramic .
with an unusual protagonist  a kiltwearing jackson  and subject matter  the improbable  formula   is somewhat entertaining  but it could have been much stronger .
some body is a shaky  uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
message movie or an actionpacked submarine spectacular ? alas  its neither .
sad to say  it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the selfdestructiveness of many young people .
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people  flawed  assured of the wrong things  and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
its amazingly perceptive in its subtle  supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family .
these characters become wearisome .
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers  but if you go in knowing that  you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
deliriously funny  fast and loose  accessible to the uninitiated  and full of surprises
if this is cinema  i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
formula  promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
long after you leave justine  youll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best  whatever that might mean .
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
though harris is affecting at times  he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
was i scared ? only at the prospect of becks next project . lets see  a haunted house  a haunted ship  whats next . . . ghost blimp ?
frailty  starts out like a typical bible killer story  but it turns out to be significantly different  and better  than most films with this theme .
 on guard !  wont be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the worlds best actors  daniel auteuil  have a whale of a good time .
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
its supposed to be a romantic comedy  it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
strange it is  but delightfully so .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir  very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground .
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin  inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a familys custommade christmas card .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
a cultureclash comedy that  in addition to being very funny  captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .
that itll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the  summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
unfortunately  a cast of competent performers from movies  television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
holy mad maniac in a mask  splatman ! good oldfashioned slashandhack is back !
as lofi as the special effects are  the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others  yearold jack nicholson could be looking at his th oscar nomination by proving that hes now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works  but coppola  along with his sister  sofia  is a real filmmaker . it must be in the genes .
until  the  superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve  die another day is as stimulating  heartrateraising as any james bond thriller .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood biopic . schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one mans downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
. . . an incredibly heavyhanded  manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
the performances of the children  untrained in acting  have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
a film that will enthrall the whole family .
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound  the way we like our yearold superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
greengrass  working from don mullans script  forgoes the larger sociopolitical picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
a smart  provocative drama that does the nearly impossible  it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil  monstrous lunatic .
there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinemas finest this year . unfortunately  theyre sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlos life imaginable .
formula  is so trite that even yus highenergy action stylings cant break through the stupor .
one of those strained caper movies thats hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .
when your subject is illusion versus reality  shouldnt the reality seem at least passably real ?
javier bardem is one of the few reasons to watch the film  which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and feverpitched melodrama .
jir hubacs script is a gem . his characters are engaging  intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives  full of strength  warmth and vitality . .
the french are rather good at this kind of thing  unlike the americans  who have a passion for musketeers  only to spoof them .
its not particularly well made  but since i found myself howling more than cringing  id say the film works .
dont waste your money .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
beautifully produced .
a weird  arresting little ride .
wellmeaning but inert .
triple x is a double agent  and hes one bad dude . when youve got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation  it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity  everett remains a perfect wildean actor  and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
gives an intriguing twist to the french comingofage genre .
stephen earnharts documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text  when its really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
a highspirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest  years after their crime .
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual  the film is typical miike  fast  furious and full of offthecuff imaginative flourishes .
promises is one film thats truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isnt exactly kiddiefriendly alas  santa is more hohum than hohoho and the snowman  who never gets to play that flute  has all the charm of a meltdown .
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck  wait till you see maid in manhattan .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more .
maybe it is formula filmmaking  but theres nothing wrong with that if the film is wellcrafted and this one is .
a work of intricate elegance  literary lyricism and profound common sense .
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .
a thoughtful  visually graceful work .
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies  and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
highly engaging .
theres something unintentionally comic in the films drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special  freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting  class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears   crossroads  instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
neither as scaryfunny as tremors nor dementedfunny as starship troopers  the movie isnt tough to take as long as youve paid a matinee price .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
ostensibly celebrates middleaged girl power  even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic  dysfunctional and destructive .
that the chuck norris  grenade gag  occurs about  times during windtalkers is a good indication of how seriousminded the film is .
acting  particularly by tambor  almost makes  never again  worthwhile  but writerdirector schaeffer should follow his titular advice
. . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
any film that doesnt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
it just didnt mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on  or be entertained by  .
the characters seem onedimensional  and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick  a stylefree exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
the filmmakers eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls environment .
tends to plod .
a compelling comingofage drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mothers hold over her .
its like a driveby . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special  save for a few comic turns  intended and otherwise .
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast theres no time to think about them anyway .
if steven soderberghs solaris is a failure it is a glorious failure .
theres not enough here to justify the almost two hours .
sophisticated viewers who refuse to admit that they dont like it will likely call it challenging to their fellow sophisticates .
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesnt really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hardtoswallow premise .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup
faultlessly professional but finally slight .
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph  as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
a preposterous  prurient whodunit .
director clare kilners debut is never as daft as it should have been .
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a directtovideo release .
as a revenge thriller  the movie is serviceable  but it doesnt really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a looselyconnected string of actingworkshop exercises .
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young womans tragic odyssey .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer  it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
one of the greatest familyoriented  fantasyadventure movies ever .
by turns very dark and very funny .
tries to parody a genre thats already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hiphop  which also seems to play on a year delay .
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
amid the clich and foreshadowing  cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn .
a light  engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us  sitting through dahmers two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses  its also full of sharp  smart satire .
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
the modernday characters are nowhere near as vivid as the thcentury ones .
this is a great subject for a movie  but hollywood has squandered the opportunity  using it as a prop for warmedover melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about standup comedy .
hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety  not to mention a convincing brogue .
if youre a wwf fan  or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i .  youll probably like rollerball .
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
. . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture  the journey doesnt really go anywhere .
i know that ill never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandlers many talents .
amazingly lame .
it doesnt quite work  but theres enough here to make us look forward to the russos next offering .
fessendens narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
as they used to say in the s scifi movies  signs is a tribute to shyamalans gifts  which are such that well keep watching the skies for his next project .
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary  humorless soap opera .
cuarn has created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures  the road movie  the comingofage movie  and the teenage sex comedy .
a morality tale whose thoughtprovoking potential is hampered by a madefortv look  rigid performances and an asinine twist that brazenly rips off the sixth sense .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
what will  most likely  turn out to be the most repellent movie of  .
a zombie movie in every sense of the wordmindless  lifeless  meandering  loud  painful  obnoxious .
this is a movie full of grace and  ultimately  hope .
what better message than love thyself could young women of any size receive ?
though it inspires some  outoffield  creative thought  the film is  to its own detriment  much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
post  the philosophical message of  personal freedom first  might not be as palatable as intended .
this is cool  slick stuff  ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
its quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
anyone who suffers through this film deserves  at the very least  a big box of consolation candy .
girls gone wild and gone civil again
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding  emotional  rockylike moments . . . but its such a warm and charming package that youll feel too happy to argue much .
me no lika da accents so good  but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
behind the glitz  hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise !
a beautiful  timeless and universal tale of heated passions  jealousy  betrayal  forgiveness and murder .
the film does a solid job of slowly  steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel  seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there .
im sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept  but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap clich .
a rocksolid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense  intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies  plus a heavy dose of fatherandson dynamics .
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
a vivid  spicy footnote to history  and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the hugescreen format to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
its so badly made on every level that im actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
ranges from laughoutloud hilarious to wonderwhat timeitis tedious .
my oh my  is this an invigorating  electric movie .
basically  its pretty but dumb .
the films overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes  masturbation jokes  and racist japanese jokes .
the film is just a big  gorgeous  mindblowing  breathtaking mess .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isnt afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
the art direction is often exquisite  and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design  leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italianlanguage soundtrack .
director carl franklin  so crisp and economical in one false move  bogs down in genre cliches here .
contradicts everything weve come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way  secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
ultimately  sarahs dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic  and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one womans broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
a very familiar tale  one thats been told by countless filmmakers about italian  chinese  irish  latin  indian  russian and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good  freundlichs world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
few of the increasingly farfetched events that firsttime writerdirector neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing  which is a pity  considering barrys terrific performance .
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one  and no one  .
it has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions  jokes  and sexual innuendoes abound .
the something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
its a long way from orwells dark  intelligent warning cry  to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and what once was conviction is now affectation .
its not a bad premise  just a bad movie .
its compelling mix of trial movie  escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . thats because relatively nothing happens .
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
soderbergh  like kubrick before him  may not touch the planets skin  but understands the workings of its spirit .
visually exciting scifi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
the fact that the best part of the movie comes from a second homage to one of demmes good films doesnt bode well for the rest of it .
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether  in part because the consciously dumbeddown approach wears thin .
has no reason to exist  other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
the films heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closedoff nationalist reality .
ive never seen  a remake  do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandlers new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capras classic . . .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr . deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less thanlikely new york celebrities . . . certainly raises the film above anything sandlers been attached to before .
the premise of  abandon  holds promise  . . . but its delivery is a complete mess .
just dreadful . i dont blame eddie murphy but shouldnt owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying  and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another  making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
rodriguez has the chops of a smartaleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid . . .
pretty darn good  despite its smartypants aura .
there are laughs aplenty  and  as a bonus  viewers dont have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
pray has really done his subject justice .
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in wartorn jerusalem .
the film is reasonably entertaining  though it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark  challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
a fiercely clever and subtle film  capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
stephen earnharts film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
a road trip that will get you thinking  are we there yet ? 
the plan to make enough into an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller has flopped as surely as a souffl gone wrong .
the films desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the naturenurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
part of the films cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
the irwins scenes are fascinating  the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their deathdefying efforts .
its a frankensteinmonster of a film that doesnt know what it wants to be .
its a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script  unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour  i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
essentially a collection of bits  and theyre all naughty .
elegant and eloquent meditation on death and that most elusive of passions  love .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature  but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
more of a career curio than a major work .
the comedy is nonexistent .
something has been lost in the translation . . . another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand  even the funniest idea isnt funny .
the bourne identity shouldnt be half as entertaining as it is  but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
. . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
 . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . 
while we want macdowells character to retrieve her husband  we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
this slowmoving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
while scorseses bold images and generally smart casting ensure that  gangs  is never lethargic  the movie is hindered by a central plot thats peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
this is a truly  truly bad movie .
there are some laughs in this movie  but williams anarchy gets tiresome  the satire is weak .
its just plain lurid when it isnt downright silly .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and were touched by the films conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
mandel hollands direction is uninspired  and his scripting unsurprising  but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . youll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that theyre watching a minute commercial .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make cherish a very good  but not great  movie .
everything about girls cant swim  even its passages of sensitive observation  feels secondhand  familiar  and not in a good way .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called the gift of tears . 
hands down the years most thoughtprovoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
a lovely film . . . elegant  witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its sources complexity .
exactly what youd expect from a guy named kaos .
romantic comedy and dogme  filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows  but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
skins has a desolate air  but eyre  a native american raised by white parents  manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
while the performances are often engaging  this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a onehour tv documentary .
a beyondlame satire  teddy bears picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writeractor .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the films problems .
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism  and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible  almost mystical work .
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique  wellcrafted psychological study of grief .
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . hollands class for the music  or to robin williamss lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor  passion  and verve .
youll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
whether youre moved and love it  or bored or frustrated by the film  youll still feel something .
the biggest problem with roger avarys uproar against the mpaa is that  even in all its directors cut glory  hes made a film thats barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater  guys .
despite a bluechip cast and a provocative title  writerdirector peter matteis first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in fauxcontemporary gravy .
it drowns in sap .
mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
made me unintentionally famous  as the queasystomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not  its one of the most beautiful  evocative works ive seen .
odd and weird .
an effectively creepy  fearinducing  not fearreducing  film from japanese director hideo nakata  who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
its obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans  and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
all of the filmmakers calculations cant rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this comingofage story restraint as well as warmth .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
in the affable maid in manhattan  jennifer lopezs most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm  the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly alist players .
enigma is wellmade  but its just too dry and too placid .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesnt always jell with sean penns monotone narration  but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
the movie does its best to work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
without de niro  city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back  singlehanded .
a captivating new film .
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema abornin .
even when there are lulls  the emotions seem authentic  and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost dont notice the minute running time .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen  and its also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment im likely to see all year .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags  harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowlings marvelous series into a deadly bore .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that its not clear whether were supposed to shriek or laugh .
a nearly  hours  the film is way too indulgent .
passable enough for a shootout in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
strange and beautiful film .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso  sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast  and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie  no matter who runs them .
give shapiro  goldman  and bolado credit for good intentions  but theres nothing here that they couldnt have done in half an hour .
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games  we get a cinematic postcard thats superficial and unrealized .
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious  untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
its good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
a disaster of a drama  saved only by its winged assailants .
i dont know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an alist director  but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that hes made at least one damn fine horror movie .
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
a compelling  gutclutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyperrealistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outerspace documentary space station d .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end  though  it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games  wire fu  horror movies  mystery  james bond  wrestling  scifi and anime into one big bloody stew .
a bonanza of wacky sight gags  outlandish color schemes  and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artists career .
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . i also believe that resident evil is not it .
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .
its fitfully funny but never really takes off .
began life as a computer game  then morphed into a movie  a bad one  of course .
dogtown is hollow  selfindulgent  and  worst of all  boring .
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
stephen rea  aidan quinn  and alan bates play desmonds legal eagles  and when joined by brosnan  the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing  tis .
maguire is a surprisingly effective peterspiderman .
there are touching moments in etoiles  but for the most part this is a dull  dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
im guessing the director is a magician . after all  he took three minutes of dialogue   seconds of plot and turned them into a minute movie that feels five hours long .
rabbitproof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep  and it will do so in a way that doesnt make you feel like a sucker .
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
if the full monty was a freshman fluke  lucky break is cattaneo sophomore slump .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages  this cinderella story doesnt have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
the young stars are too cute  the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative  the message is too blatant  the resolutions are too convenient .
warm and exotic .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
this illconceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
no amount of nostalgia for carveys glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carveys considerable talents are wasted in it .
phillip noyce and all of his actors  as well as his cinematographer  christopher doyle  understand the delicate forcefulness of greenes prose  and its there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring  selfimportant stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
it will break your heart many times over .
silly stuff  all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who cant quite distinguish one scifi work from another .
writerdirector burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky  with mixed results .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
with little visible talent and no energy  colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
despite the predictable parent vs . child comingofage theme  firstclass  natural acting and a look at  the real americans  make this a charmer .
it took  predecessors to get this ?
psychologically savvy .
as a tolerable diversion  the film suffices  a triumph  however  it is not .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents anguish .
soderbergh tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audiences intelligence  and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo  it looks like woos a p . o . w .
this is one of mr . chabrols subtlest works  but also one of his most uncanny .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work  every bit as imperious as katzenbergs the prince of egypt from  .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors  this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
even if youre an agnostic carnivore  you can enjoy much of jonah simply  and gratefully  as laughoutloud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
madonna has made herself over so often now  theres apparently nothing left to work with  sort of like michael jacksons nose .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whales tale  you wont be sorry !
morgan  judd and franklin cant save the script  rooted in a novel by joseph finder  from some opportunism .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review lifeaffirming .
a wildly entertaining scan of evans career .
 . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly  scoob and shag dont eat enough during the film . 
no es la mejor cinta de la serie  ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza  pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . 
if you want to see a train wreck that you cant look away from  then look no further  because here it is .
those who dont entirely get godards distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . its makes a better travelogue than movie .
theres no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting  soderberghs spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .
its fun  but a psychological mess  with austin powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet .
a smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
distinctly subpar . . . more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock  but also feel optimistic that theres hope for popular cinema yet .
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film  but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now  chafing against their cultures manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying  traditional politesse .
the films real appeal wont be to clooney fans or adventure buffs  but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
a sad and rote exercise in milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
from beginning to end  this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
with lines that feel like long soliloquies  even as they are being framed in conversation  max is static  stilted .
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luvspreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists  who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic .
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
the film is surprisingly welldirected by brett ratner  who keeps things moving well  at least until the problematic third act .
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers  its a spirited film and a mustsee .
grant is certainly amusing  but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
its just plain boring .
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteens gonetopot asbury park  new jersey  this sadsack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure  allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
for all the dolorous trim  secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
would benignis italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you  you cant forget it  you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . marisa tomei is good  but just a kiss is just a mess .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure  it is a failure .
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable ripoff of bessons earlier work .
plays as hollow catharsis  with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary  just not this one .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movies lack of ideas .
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative  jacquot preserves toscas intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
formulaic to the st power  more like .
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards  someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
an earnest  roughshod document  it serves as a workable primer for the regions recent history  and would make a terrific thgrade learning tool .
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
what lifts the film high above runofthefilth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
graas s interaes entre seus personagens  o filme tornase no apenas uma histria divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguio  mas tambm um belo estudo de personagens .
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses  no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .
i wholeheartedly recommend that everyone see this movie for its historical significance alone .
like mike is a winner for kids  and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow  who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
its not lifeaffirming  its vulgar and mean  but i liked it .
a bland  obnoxious minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products .
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho  without making him any less psycho .
. . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting its worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
a waterlogged version of fatal attraction for the teenybopper set . . . a sad  soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a masters steady stroke .
whats the russian word for wow ! ? 
shyamalan continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood  while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
spectacularly beautiful  not to mention mysterious  sensual  emotionally intense  and replete with virtuoso throatsinging .
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing  harts war  like the st . louis rams in the super bowl  waits until after halftime to get started .
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its makebelieve promise of life that soars above the material realm  this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
quietly engaging .
formuliac  but fun .
adroit but finally a trifle flat  mad love doesnt galvanize its outrage the way  say  jane campion might have done  but at least it possesses some .
if you love motown music  youll love this documentary .
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ? well worth the time .
paid in full is so stale  in fact  that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palmas scarface . thats a cheat .
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
in the end  the film is less the cheap thriller youd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
if youre in the right bmovie frame of mind  it may just scare the pants off you .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope  ichi the killer
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who havent read the book .
star trek  nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . winceinducing dialogue  thriftshop costumes  prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart bluelightspecial effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .
scoobydoo doesnt know if it wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
the sort of picture in which  whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do  they go to a pictureperfect beach during sunset .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the scripts bad ideas and awkwardness .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings  the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
. . . its stupidities wind up sticking in ones mind a lot more than the cool bits .
rambles on in a disjointed  substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
romanek keeps adding flourishes  artsy fantasy sequences  that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect .
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
youd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here .
enigma is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances .
a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out .
 home movie  is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward  celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches  no matter how inside they are .
theirs is a simple and heartwarming story  full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . wheres the movie here ?
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope  but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
this limp genderbenderballer from a firsttime director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that s tootsie  forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
williams plays sy  another of his openfaced  smiling madmen  like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you dont have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
its not a particularly good film  but neither is it a monsterous one .
though an important political documentary  this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
. . . pitiful  slapdash disaster . a doa dud from frame one .
many of benjamins elements feel like theyve been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
the films sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength  but its propelled by the acting .
the touch is generally light enough and the performances  for the most part  credible .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that theyd need a shower .
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did .
may be far from the best of the series  but its assured  wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
im sure mainstream audiences will be baffled  but  for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway  the hours represents two of those well spent .
strange  funny  twisted  brilliant and macabre .
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman  creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .
while the plot follows a predictable connectthedots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story  mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters suffering .
a decentenough nailbiter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .
too much power  not enough puff .
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor  and when it does elect to head off in its own direction  it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
frank capra played this story straight . but the  film doesnt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate comedy scenes .
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
its sobering  particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily  or soon .
the mantra behind the project seems to have been its just a kids flick .  translation  we dont need to try very hard . 
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker  but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions  the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of selfimportance . . .
while certain cues  like the happy music  suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts  jeonghyang lees film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an everruminating  genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills  the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the th century into the st .
michael gerbosis script is economically packed with telling scenes .
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama  rpidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
death to smoochy is often very funny  but whats even more remarkable is the integrity of devitos misanthropic vision .
as comedic spotlights go  notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should .
more intimate than spectacular  e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label  proving that one mans ruin may be anothers fortune .
fairytale formula  serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting  dialogue  comedy  direction and especially charm .
ritchies film is easier to swallow than wertmullers polemical allegory  but its selfdefeatingly decorous .
the years greatest adventure  and jacksons limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
an occasionally funny  but overall limp  fishoutofwater story .
it looks good  but it is essentially empty .
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements  in terms of love  age  gender  race  and class .
wes cravens presence is felt  not the craven of a nightmare on elm street or the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of deadly friend . 
possession   based on the book by a . s . byatt  demands that labute deal with the subject of love headon  trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
a horrible  minute stink bomb .
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . its all pretty cynical and condescending  too .
its a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies  and gibson  stepping in for bruce willis  is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the years best acting  personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
the idea of yearold roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the reality of the new liveaction pinocchio he directed  cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
one of those staggeringly wellproduced  joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next  hastily  emptily .
shiner can certainly go the distance  but isnt world championship material
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
. . . while the humor aspects of jason x were far more entertaining than i had expected  everything else about the film tanks .
the film is visually dazzling  the depicted events dramatic  funny and poignant .
unfortunately  one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams  all the interesting developments are processed in  minutes  the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
abandon all hope  ye who enter here . . . you should definitely let dantes gloomy words be your guide .
there arent many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv .
refreshing .
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
mixes likeable personalities  inventive photography and cutting  and walltowall toetapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating  silly  perverse  hopeful and always fun .
in the end  the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .
unfortunately  it appears that jackie chans us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films .
this film is an act of spiritual faith  an eloquent  deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
you dont have to know about music to appreciate the films easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
. . . tackling a lowbudget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best  being teenagers .
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairytale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
to say this was done better in wilders some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
apparently reassembled from the cuttingroom floor of any given daytime soap .
works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever .
theres very little sense to whats going on here  but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
an improvement on the feeble examples of bigscreen pokemania that have preceded it .
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaughs three lead actresses .
the subtle strength of  elling  is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
the screenplay comes across  rather unintentionally  as hiphop scoobydoo .
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love  racial tension  and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the s .
cherish wouldve worked a lot better had it been a short film .
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
its a masterpiece .
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity  incoherence and subsophomoric sexual banter .
scorsese doesnt give us a character worth giving a damn about .
just watch bettany strut his stuff . youll know a star when you see one .
the acting is amateurish  the cinematography is atrocious  the direction is clumsy  the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
its another retelling of alexandre dumas classic . why ? who knows  but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
whether seen on a inch television screen or at your local multiplex  the edgeofyourseat  educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .
garbus discards the potential for pathological study  exhuming instead  the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
theres some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life  but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisles walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
between them  de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
a bit too eager to please .
whatever complaints i might have  id take its earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperors club any time .
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski  it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating  rather than muting  the plots saccharine thrust .
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the films background  you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song .
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof  unreachable way its so fascinating you wont be able to look away for a second .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
bearable . barely .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and youve got a huge mess .
a new film from bill plympton  the animation master  is always welcome .
rich in atmosphere of the postwar art world  it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood  they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
ararat feels like a book report
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
manages to be original  even though it rips off many of its ideas .
we get the comedy we settle for .
perhaps its cliche to call the film refreshing   but it is . drumline shows a level of young  black manhood that is funny  touching  smart and complicated .
la de salma es una versin de frida superficial  preciosista y sin ningn contenido .
an honest  sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
more concerned with sades ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . quills did by showing them .
rubbos humorously tendentious intervention into the whowroteshakespeare controversy .
a comingofage film that avoids the cartoonish clichs and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type  the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
its probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . .
a loud  ugly  irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
enigma looks great  has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
meandering  subaquatic mess  its so bad its good  but only if you slide in on a freebie .
  safe conduct   is a long movie at  minutes but it fills the time with drama  romance  tragedy  bravery  political intrigue  partisans and sabotage . viva le resistance !
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a onejoke picture .
a pretty decent kidpleasing  tolerabletoadults lark of a movie .
at the films centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his midseventies  michel piccoli .
breens script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
creates the worst kind of mythologizing  the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
worth a look as a curiosity .
even if the rides a little bumpy  with a final lap thats all too suspiciously smooth  you gotta give director roger michell  best known for the superfluous notting hill  credit for trying .
it made me want to get madeup and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful  the comedy was funny  and the love real .
theres nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie  but more often just feels generic  derivative and done to death .
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy  but it isnt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
. . little action  almost no suspense or believable tension  onedimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as scifi generic .
sometimes this modest little number clicks  and sometimes it doesnt .
a negligible british comedy .
birthday girl doesnt try to surprise us with plot twists  but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches  vainly  i think  for something fresh to say .
a characteristically engorged and sloppy comingofage movie .
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue  this indie flick never found its audience  probably because its extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
spectacular in every sense of the word  even if you don t know an orc from a urukhai .
both flawed and delayed  martin scorceses gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
a gripping  searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
thankfully  the film  which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongueincheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda .
ramsay  as in ratcatcher  remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen grossout comedy .
quitting delivers a suckerpunch  and its impact is all the greater beause director zhangs last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
chos fearless in picking apart human foibles  not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience . her delivery and timing are flawless .
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time  something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
its definitely an improvement on the first blade  since it doesnt take itself so deadly seriously .
the films best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch  a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly uglylooking broad  but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
a photographic marvel of sorts  and its certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney cant save .
not only better than its predecessor  it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
even in terms of the lowgrade cheese standards on which it operates  it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
its as sorry a mess as its directors diabolical debut  mad cows .
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and smalltown america .
the best comedy concert movie ive seen since chos previous concert comedy film  im the one that i want  in  .
just a string of stale gags  with no good inside dope  and no particular bite .
after sitting through this sloppy  madeformovie comedy special  it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
viewers of barneys crushingly selfindulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
third times the charm . . . yeah  baby !
when its not wallowing in hormonal melodrama   real women have curves  is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears shell become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
yet another genre exercise  gangster no .  is as generic as its title .
the film is a contrivance  as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence  but its an enjoyable one .
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors  even kingsley  are made to look bad .
many a parent and their teen  or preteen  kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date .
the emperors club  ruthless in its own placid way  finds one of our most conservative and hidebound moviemaking traditions and gives it new texture  new relevance  new reality .
the cold turkey wouldve been a far better title .
heres a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility  yet just as determined to entertain you .
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
it doesnt help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video  giving the whole thing a dirty  tasteless feel .
denis oneills script avoids the prime sports cliche  a lastsecond goal to win the championship  but it neglects few others .
bythenumbers yarn .
all ends well  sort of  but the frenzied comic moments never click .
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles  where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble  the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas  but it never manages to put them on the same path .
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen  unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
eight legged freaks is clever and funny  is amused by its special effects  and leaves you feeling like youve seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .
occasionally funny  always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodvar style .
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
an effective portrait of a life in stasis  of the power of inertia to arrest development in a deadend existence .
his best film remains his shortest  the hole  which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
a cartoon thats truly cinematic in scope  and a story thats compelling and heartfelt  even if the heart belongs to a big  fourlegged herbivore .
this sade is hardly a perverse  dangerous libertine and agitator  which would have made for better drama . hes just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery  and the film seems as deflated as he does .
the movie is as far as you can get from racy  to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain  it has a dull  costumey feel .
terminally bland  painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie  shot on digital videotape rather than film  is frequently indecipherable .
its a strange film  one that was hard for me to warm up to .
if this movie were a book  it would be a pageturner  you cant wait to see what happens next .
a resonant tale of racism  revenge and retribution .
like kissing jessica stein  amys orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
report card  doesnt live up to the exalted tagline  theres definite room for improvement . doesnt deserve a passing grade  even on a curve  .
like a can of day old coke . you can taste it  but theres no fizz .
whats the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well  its not as pathetic as the animal .
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
the movie is silly beyond comprehension  and even if it werent silly  it would still be beyond comprehension .
its immensely ambitious  different than anything thats been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what its trying to do .
after the first  minutes  which is worth seeing  the movie sinks into an abyss of clichs  depression and bad alternative music .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
a strong first act and absolutely  inescapably gorgeous  skyscrapertrapeze motion of the amazing spiderman .
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking  the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
a combination of standard  stiff tvstyle animation and snazzylooking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
washingtons strong hand  keen eye  sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
a fastmoving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation .
its stylishly directed with verve . . .
moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . 
cremaster  is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of selfexpression .
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment . . . simultaneously degrades its characters  its stars and its audience .
cacoyannis vision is far less mature  interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
does paint some memorable images . . .  but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
 me without you  is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
in many ways  reminiscent of s unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
an intoxicating experience .
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
this is mildmannered  beenthere material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant  the outrageous .
ryan gosling . . . is at  a powerful young actor .
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions  walt beckers film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice its a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
rather less than the sum of its underventilated prefils confrontations .
spirit is a visual treat  and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards  but it lacks a strong narrative .
nothing happens  and it happens to flat characters .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing . . .
franco is an excellent choice for the walledoff but combustible hustler  but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
this rather unfocused  alloverthemap movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor .
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past  and he is matched by schweig  who carries the film on his broad  handsome shoulders .
neatly constructed thriller .
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny  the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
theres a disreputable air about the whole thing  and thats what makes it irresistible .
one of jagloms better efforts  a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
a deft  delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcomingobstacles sportsmovie triumph .
. . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote  and cannier doppelganger  to diesels xxx flexathon .
to my taste  the films comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation .
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
not too fancy  not too filling  not too fluffy  but definitely tasty and sweet .
like life on the island  the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
with the films striking ending  one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
bears is bad . not terrible filmmaking bad  but more like  i once had a nightmare like this  and its now coming true bad .
cannons confidence and laidback good spirits are  with the drumming routines  among the films saving graces .
a recent favourite at sundance  this whitetrash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppards pyromania .
nothing about this movie works .
with its paint fights  motorized scooter chases and dewyeyed sentiment  its a pretty listless collection of kidmovie clichs .
writerdirector david jacobson and his star  jeremy renner  have made a remarkable film that explores the monsters psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
no number of fantastic sets  extras  costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
as underwater ghost stories go  below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back  grizzled and charred  somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
mcconaugheys fun to watch  the dragons are okay  not much fire in the script .
the film is a blunt indictment  part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
satisfyingly scarifying  fresh and oldfashioned at the same time .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
an appalling ace ventura ripoff that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak  former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this credit on their resumes in the future  thatll be much funnier than anything in the film . . .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure  narc strikes a defiantly retro chord  and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
with rabbitproof fence  noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean  economical movie .
though this film can be clumsy  its ambitions are equally  and admirably  uncommercial .
for every articulate player  such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman  are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
when the first few villians are introduced as  spider  and  snake  you know youre in for a real winner  creativity at its peak .
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
hopkinsdoesnt so much phone in his performance as fax it . no  even thats too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . 
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick   orange county  is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
the film is so bad it doesnt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
quite frankly  i cant see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
upsetting and thoughtprovoking  the film has an odd purity that doesnt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
director roger michell does so many of the little things right that its difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
about schmidt is nicholsons goofy  heartfelt  mesmerizing king lear .
painful  horrifying and oppressively tragic  this film should not be missed .
if religious films arent your bailiwick  stay away . otherwise  this could be a passable date film .
competently directed but terminally cute drama .
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star  but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
. . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers ive seen in quite a long time .
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and its all over his chelsea walls .
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense  and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly  but viewers dont get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
the whole affair  true story or not  feels incredibly hokey . . . it comes off like a hallmark commercial .
human resources was a good  straightforward tale  but time out is better . its haunting . its like a poem .
not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out  but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity  overnight  is robbed and replaced with a persecuted  other . 
all in all  its a pretty good execution of a story thats a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
one of the more glaring signs of this movies servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet ones appetite for the bollywood films .
illiterate  often inert scifi action thriller .
comes off as a long  laborious whine  the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
its secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more seriousminded concerns of other yearend movies .
quiet  adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year . . . a true study  a film with a questioning heart and mind that isnt afraid to admit it doesnt have all the answers .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anticatholic protestors .
there is something in full frontal  i guess  about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them  but like most movie riddles  it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
holm does his sly  intricate magic  and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . about half of them are funny  a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story  which is paperthin and decidedly unoriginal .
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the films nightmare versions of everyday sexinthecity misadventures .
merchant effectively translates naipauls lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
they should have called it gutterball .
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent  exuberant  and moving as monsoon wedding .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman  who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movies darker turns .
rife with the rueful  wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
im not a fan of the phrase life affirming because it usually means schmaltzy   but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
witty  vibrant  and intelligent .
youll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . youll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead  he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
so stupid  so illconceived  so badly drawn  it created whole new levels of ugly .
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark  while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds  but it wore me down .
one of those energetic surprises  an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it .
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way  while never sure what its purpose was .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but its nowhere near as exciting as either .
though filmed partly in canada  paid in full has clever ways of capturing innercity life during the reagan years .
. . . the good and different idea of middleaged romance is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances  there is little else to recommend  never again . 
madeup lampoons the moviemaking process itself  while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on americas skindeep notions of pulchritude .
if youve been to more than one indie flick in your life  chances are youve already seen this kind of thing .
the movies accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
for those who like quirky  slightly strange french films  this is a must !
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
its drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational  and yet its so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
theres a reason the studio didnt offer an advance screening .  the adventures of pluto nash  is a big time stinker .
i dont feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if its a dish thats best served cold .
all leather pants  augmented boobs  hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the funloving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative  handbagclutching sarandon .
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
one of those soso films that could have been much better .
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville .
an ambitious what if ?  that works .
you might not want to hang out with samantha  but youll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
it was filled with shootings  beatings  and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
 catch me  feels capable of charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
while the humor is recognizably plympton  he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
hupperts show to steal and she makes a meal of it  channeling kathy bakers creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as  womens augustine .
the bland outweighs the nifty  and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
the ingenious construction  adapted by david hare from michael cunninghams novel  constantly flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations  the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
you wont believe much of it  but you will laugh at the audacity  at the whos who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
an admitted egomaniac  evans is no hollywood villain  and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish hed gone the way of don simpson .
a burst of color  music  and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
god help us  but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . 
most of the problems with the film dont derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
its a pedestrian  flat drama that screams out amateur in almost every frame .
welldone supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
even if the ring has a familiar ring  its still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
theres no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving  and the film itself  as well its delightful cast  is so breezy  pretty and gifted  it really won my heart .
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness  but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
it is most of the things costner movies are known for  its sanctimonious  selfrighteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
 white oleander   the movie  is akin to a readers digest condensed version of the source material .
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
jacquots tosca is a treat .
how many more voyages can this limping but dearlyloved franchise survive ? 
this familiar riseandfall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences  though its told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
i can analyze this movie in three words  thumbs friggin down .
. . . a plotline thats as lumpy as twoday old porridge . . . the filmmakers paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project !
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh  unforced naturalism to their characters .
it plods along methodically  somehow under the assumption that its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
jackson is always watchable .
drug abuse  infidelity and death arent usually comedy fare  but turpins film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance  every performance respectably muted  the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
originality is sorely lacking .
so routine  familiar and predictable  it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves  so much that its forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
compellingly watchable .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter nss delicate  clever direction . . . and a wonderful  imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
cold  pretentious  thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
invincible is a wonderful movie .
at  minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
controlaltdelete simone as quickly as possible
 friends   couples   miles  and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink  its the ultimate redneck roadtrip .
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget .
its almost impossible not to be moved by the movies depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in postsoviet russia .
jawdroppingly superficial  straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritters glory days on threes company .
things really get weird  though not particularly scary  the movie is all portent and no content .
a comedydrama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
lovely and amazing is holofceners deep  uncompromising curtsy to women she knows  and very likely is . when all is said and done  she loves them to pieces  and so  i trust  will you .
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage  then esthers story is a compelling quest for truth .
schmaltzy and unfunny  adam sandlers cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad  little nicky bad   worst list bad .
a lot smarter than your average bond .
there are flaws  but also stretches of impact and moments of awe  were wrapped up in the characters  how they make their choices  and why .
the storys pathetic and the gags are puerile .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of americas indigenous people  but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
after watching it  you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyones guess .
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
the movie  despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places  is wry and engrossing .
the oneliners are snappy  the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
none of the characters or plotlines are fleshedout enough to build any interest .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but its a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is .
jampacked with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so  someone gets clocked .
the films strength isnt in its details  but in the larger picture it paints  of a culture in conflict with itself  with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest  mediasoaked fears .
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in  . cinematic poetry showcases the citys oldworld charm before machines change nearly everything .
if youre hard up for raunchy college humor  this is your ticket right here .
helps to remind the first world that hivaids is far from being yesterdays news .
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
the yayas have many secrets and one is  the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be yaya .
the emperors club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world  but . . .
the last  minutes are somewhat redeeming  but most of the movie is the same teenage american roadtrip drek weve seen before  only this time you have to read the fart jokes
steven soderbergh doesnt remake andrei tarkovskys solaris so much as distill it .
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff  but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks  pyrocorrectly .
as quiet  patient and tenacious as mr . lopez himself  who approaches his difficult  endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
a onetrick pony whose few ta bits still cant save itself from being unoriginal  unfunny and unrecommendable .
doug liman  the director of bourne  directs the traffic well  gets a nice wintry look from his locations  absorbs us with the movies spycraft and uses damons ability to be focused and sincere .
utter mush . . . conceited pap .
mr . tsai is a very original artist in his medium  and what time is it there ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
what a great way to spend  units of your day .
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that youre watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
martin scorsese cria um espetculo visual que no possui alma  um filme esteticamente belo  mas emocionalmente frio .
the dialogue is cumbersome  the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
one thing is for sure  this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chouchou .
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
filmmakers dana janklowiczmann and amir mann area headed east  far east  in retelling a historically significant  and personal  episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the worlds democracie
theres a heavy stench of been there  done that hanging over the film . its everything youd expect  but nothing more .
apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a   black and white portable tv .
duvall is strong as always .
its like rocky and bullwinkle on speed  but thats neither completely enlightening  nor does it catch the intensity of the movies strangeness .
crummy
against all odds in heaven and hell  it creeped me out just fine .
yeah  these flicks are just that damn good . isnt it great ?
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one mans quest to find an old flame .
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic  two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
its a wonderful  sobering  heartfelt drama .
this may be burnss strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
whenever you think youve figured out late marriage  it throws you for a loop .
oneofakind nearmasterpiece .
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds  theres no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun .
most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly  like between lunch breaks for shearers radio show and his simpson voiceovers .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillats fat girl  rain is the far superior film .
a notsodivine secrets of the yaya sisterhood with a hefty helping of refried green tomatoes .
the series message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent  as do the girls amusing personalities .
this is a film about the irksome  tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life  the mood remains oddly detached .
a very charming and funny movie .
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical  the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
authentic  and at times endearing  humorous  spooky  educational  but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
the film has a kind of hard  cold effect .
effective but tootepid biopic
the one notsosmall problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
it might be easier to watch on video at home  but that shouldnt stop diehard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the bigscreen experience .
now trimmed by about  minutes  this lavish threeyearold production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grownup escapism .
theres . . . an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
yes  thats right  its forrest gump  angel of death . 
festers in just such a dungpile that youd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange  stark beauty of the mideast desert  so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas andersons magnolia and david lynchs mulholland dr .
could have been crisper and punchier  but its likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles  one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
. . . a cheap  ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
carrying off a spoton scottish burr  duvall  also a producer  peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
lin chungs voice is rather unexceptional  even irritating  at least to this western ear   making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
doesnt add up to much .
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichs  an assassins greatest hits . to others  it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
everything  even life on an aircraft carrier  is sentimentalized .
in the second half of the film  freis control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for selfanalysis .
the heightened symmetry of this newold cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience  like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
the storys so preposterous that i didnt believe it for a second  despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
a smart  steamy mix of road movie  comingofage story and political satire .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonias true emotions . . . but at the very least  his secret life will leave you thinking .
from the dull  surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
its a talking head documentary  but a great one .
this is art paying homage to art .
a refreshingly authentic comingofage tale .
a freshfaced  bighearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies  with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . 
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfields interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
the new film of anton chekhovs the cherry orchard puts the ick in classic . 
its exactly what youd expect .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic  and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project realtime roots .
a sensitive  cultivated treatment of greenes work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
no surprises .
the densest distillation of roberts movies ever made .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the  uncut version of sergio leones flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
an average comingofage tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her sons discovery of his homosexuality .
if your taste runs to difficult films you absolutely cant miss it .
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film thats neither .
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely  a victim of mental illness .
the essential problem in orange county is that  having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast  the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
theres really only one good idea in this movie  but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
while howards appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly wellmeaning and sincere  the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
a minute condensation of a episode tv series  with all of the pitfalls of such youd expect .
a true pleasure .
this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain .
the case is a convincing one  and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
the picture runs a mere  minutes  but its no glance . its a headturner  thoughtfully written  beautifully read and  finally  deeply humanizing .
. . . an inviting piece of film .
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
its the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesnt think about percentages all day long .
a visionary marvel  but its lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
if youre looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger  enough is just the ticket you need .
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new years eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think hes gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 
the storys scope and pageantry are mesmerizing  and mr . daylewis roars with leonine power .
as it turns out  you can go home again .
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
even through its flaws  revolution  proves to be a compelling  interestingly told film .
sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
hiphop rarely comes alive as its own firebreathing entity in this picture .
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining  but it doesnt have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
mattei so completely loses himself to the films circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
strident and inelegant in its messagemovie posturing .
bennetts naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any reality show  and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .
the only entertainment youll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles  several of them .
cloaks a familiar antifeminist equation  career  kids  misery  in tiresome romanticcomedy duds .
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics  payola  vice  murder  kids tv and revenge .
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
like a pack of dynamite sticks  built for controversy . the film is explosive  but a few of those sticks are wet .
the music makes a nice album  the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards  more power to it .
its too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling  but as an intellectual exercise  an unpleasant debate thats been given the drive of a narrative and thats been acted out  the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
an earnest  heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . its also heavyhanded and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
its mildly sentimental  unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
gulpilil is a commanding screen presence  and his characters abundant humanism makes him the films moral compass .
the movie is so contrived  nonsensical and formulaic that  come to think of it  the dayold shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
works as pretty contagious fun .
this followup seems so similar to the  disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
. . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
it could have been something special  but two things drag it down to mediocrity  director clare peploes misunderstanding of marivauxs rhythms  and mira sorvinos limitations as a classical actress .
nairs attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place  while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered careerbest performances .
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
the modern remake of dumass story is long on narrative and  too  short on action .
a backstage mustsee for true fans of comedy .
a portrait of alienation so perfect  it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
weirdly  broomfield has compelling new material but he doesnt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avantgarde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed  joyous romp of a film .
to better understand why this didnt connect with me would require another viewing  and i wont be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough .
extremely bad .
it all adds up to good fun .
a solid  psychological action film from hong kong .
the paradisos rustedout ruin and ultimate collapse during the films final  restored  thirdemotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better .
. . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
despite apparent motives to the contrary  it ends up being  like seinfelds revered tv show  about pretty much nothing .
shortstory quaint  touchingly mending a childs pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
like the excruciating end of days  collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure  but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
all in all  brown sugar is a satisfying wellmade romantic comedy thats both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
though the controversial korean filmmakers latest effort is not for all tastes  it offers gorgeous imagery  effective performances  and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
abderrahmane sissakos heremakono  waiting for happiness  is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who  in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude  knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .
writerdirector alexander payne  election  and his cowriter jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
 men in black ii   has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant  the jokes are a little lukewarm  but will anyone really care ?
the movie barely makes sense  with its unbelievable navet and arbitrary flashbacks .
essentially  the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
wellmeant but unoriginal .
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
a tremendous piece of work .
a gorgeously strange movie  heaven is deeply concerned with morality  but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
dog soldiers doesnt transcend genre  it embraces it  energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
the boys sparring  like the succession of blows dumped on guei  wears down the storys more cerebral  and likable  plot elements .
its characters are thinner than cardboard  or even comicbook paper .
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
men in black ii has sequelitis something fierce . an ungainly  comedydeficient  bmovie rush job . . .
a glib but bouncy bit of sixtiesstyle slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
even though the film doesnt manage to hit all of its marks  its still entertaining to watch the target practice .
the film didnt convince me that calvin jr . s barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicagos south side .
 brown sugar  admirably aspires to be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
collapses under its own meager weight .
it isnt that stealing harvard is a horrible movieif only it were that grand a failure ! its just that its so notatallgood . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
a small movie with a big heart .
if signs is a good film  and it is  the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
audaciousimpossible yet compelling . . .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
knows how to make our imagination wonder .
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
chouraqui brings documentarylike credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ethnic cleansing . 
i stopped thinking about how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
is office work really as alienating as bartleby so effectively makes it ?
that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondzs thirst for controversy  sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
a bilingual charmer  just like the woman who inspired it
in gleefully  thumpingly hyperbolic terms  it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
a sometimes tedious film .
this remake of lina wertmullers  eroticomedy might just be the biggest husbandandwife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
a soso  madefortv something posing as a real movie .
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films  sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
kung pow is oedekerks realization of his childhood dream to be in a martialarts flick  and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
. . . really horrible drek .
without shakespeares eloquent language  the update is dreary and sluggish .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancys holes  and the scripters dont deserve any oscars . but the nerveraked acting  the crackle of lines  the impressive stagings of hardware  make for some robust and scary entertainment .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him  and it works superbly here .
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under set .
alain choquarts camera barely stops moving  portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
shanghai ghetto  much stranger than any fiction  brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality  creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
crudups screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still  it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
if they broke out into elaborate choreography  singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention  but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
theres a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention  but it grows monotonous after a while  as do joan and philips repetitive arguments  schemes and treachery .
feardotcoms thrills are all cheap  but they mostly work .
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
the trashy teensleaze equivalent of showgirls .
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
a riproaring comedy action fest thatll put hairs on your chest .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hiphop documentary should give  scratch  a second look .
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises  read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who dont stand a chance alone  but together they are magnificent .
together  tok and o orchestrate a buoyant  darkly funny dance of death . in the process  they demonstrate that theres still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
this redo is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that  ironically  it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . youd be wise to send your regrets .
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries  but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad  and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
the exploitative  clumsily staged violence overshadows everything  including most of the actors .
. . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices  but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that  in itself  is extraordinary .
dull  if not devoid of wit  this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history  but scarcely manages more than a modest  snoozy charm .
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival  the annual riviera spree of flesh  buzz  blab and money . the charming result is festival in cannes .
the level of maturity displayed by this yearold firsttime feature director is astonishing  considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
hupperts superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
a tour de force of modern cinema .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture weve been watching for decades
that frenetic spectacle on the tv show has usually been leavened by a charm thats conspicuously missing from the girls bigscreen blowout .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone whos seen george roy hills  film   the sting . 
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamets airless cinematic shell games .
harmless fun .
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . he may have meant the internet short saving ryans privates . but windtalkers doesnt beat that one  either .
this is a gorgeous film  vivid with color  music and life . delight your senses and crash this wedding !
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff  then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
at its best  the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . .
to enjoy this movies sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns  you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
thanks to a small star with big heart  this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun  toward the end  you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and theres the inimitable diaz  holding it all together .
too stupid to be satire  too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise  frank novaks irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soulkilling as its title is nearly meaningless .
like a soft drink thats been sitting open too long  its too much syrup and not enough fizz .
a woefully dull  redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation  despite iwais vaunted empathy .
. . . rogerss mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines . . . there just isnt much to laugh at .
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenters ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words  about as bad a film youre likely to see all year .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed  the subject matter is so fascinating that you wont care .
in oldfashioned screenwriting parlance  ms . shreves novel proved too difficult a text to lick   despite the efforts of a firstrate cast .
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begleys source novel  about schmidt  and an old payne screenplay .
. . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
becomes a bit of a mishmash  a tearjerker that doesnt and a thriller that wont .
woos most resonant film since the killer .
despite engaging offbeat touches  knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre thats as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected  even  at times  preposterous  turns  love is just too  too precious in the end .
it moves quickly  adroitly  and without fuss  it doesnt give you time to reflect on the inanity  and the cold war datedness  of its premise .
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor  sensuality  and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
your taste for jonah  a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital inkandpaint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem  it is with most of these things  is the script .
its both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
a lighthearted  feelgood film that embraces the timehonored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
theres nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a bad police shooting .
its overreliance on genre conventions  character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film  and the movies fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
often silly  and gross  but its rarely as moronic as some campus grossout films .
noyce has worked wonders with the material .
director lee has a true cinematic knack  but its also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
definitely a crowdpleaser  but then  so was the roman colosseum .
. . . a quietly introspective portrait of the selfesteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity thats perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
an intelligent  moving and invigorating film .
this is lightweight filmmaking  to be sure  but its pleasant enough  and oozing with attractive men .
its a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
this oftenhilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its highminded appeal .
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
simplistic  silly and tedious .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good  but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
while we no longer possess the lackofattention span that we did at seventeen  we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
its funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful  all at once .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material  but lawrence gives us mostly fools gold .
while the last metro was more melodramatic  confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions  while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audiences meat grinder one more time .
better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again  and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
each scene drags  underscoring the obvious  and sentiment is slathered on top .
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish  and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
a technically wellmade suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
the result is mesmerizing  filled with menace and squalor .
secretary  is owned by its costars  spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
the film  despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it  is still good fun .
this is rote spookiness  with nary an original idea  or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really  in sight  and the whole of the proceedings beg the question why ? 
sorority boys  which is as bad at it is cruel  takes every potential laugh and stilettostomps the life out of it .
a study in shades of gray  offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . .
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit  as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race  you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
as dumb and cheesy as they may be  the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
downbeat  periodperfect biopic hammers home a heavyhanded moralistic message .
call me a wimp  but i cried  not once  but three times in this animated sweet film .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hotblooded  and both leads are up to the task .
broomfield turns his distinctive blundering style into something that could really help clear up the case .
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and  more specifically  behind the camera .
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .
outerspace buffs might love this film  but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
windtalkers blows this way and that  but theres no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass  true to himself .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the directors previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
the story is a rather simplistic one  grief drives her  love drives him  and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place  it struck a chord in me .
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you  then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene  but to diminishing effect . the characters never change .
the entire movie has a truncated feeling  but whats available is lovely and lovable .
 auto focus  works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
in auteils less dramatic but equally incisive performance  hes a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them  and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment  sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
you emerge dazed  confused as to whether youve seen pornography or documentary .
happily  some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front  look no further than this th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls  retrospectively  his most personal work yet .
on its icy face  the new film is a subzero version of monsters  inc .  without the latters imagination  visual charm or texture .
a mixed bag of a comedy that cant really be described as out of this world .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
it doesnt matter that the film is less than  minutes . it still feels like a prison stretch .
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings  and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
a cultural wildcard experience  wacky  different  unusual  even nutty .
this rather superficial arthouse middlebrow film knows how to please a crowd  and thats about all it does well .
despite the surface attractions  conrad l . halls cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year  theres something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate  if somewhat flawed  treatment .
a goodlooking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
last orders nurtures the multilayers of its characters  allowing us to remember that lifes ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . its affecting  amusing  sad and reflective .
its absolutely amazing how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chans action sequences boring .
boisterous  heartfelt comedy .
in all the annals of the movies  few films have been this odd  inexplicable and unpleasant .
if the movie were all comedy  it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects  but not a willingness .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as ive seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story thats shapeless and uninflected .
every moment crackles with tension  and by the end of the flick  youre on the edge of your seat .
occasionally  in the course of reviewing arthouse obscurities and slambam action flicks  a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
why  you may ask  why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? theres no good answer to that one .
the film is strictly routine .
taymor utilizes the idea of making kahlos art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isnt a new idea . its been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character  but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking  but it is unwavering and arresting .
with the same sort of goodnatured fun found in films like tremors  eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .
im not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence  this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
the ending is a copout . what happens to john q ? i dont have an i am sam clue .
. . . begins with promise  but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writers diapers .
opening with some contrived banter  cliches and some loose ends  the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture  but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that didnt talk down to them .  ignoring that  he made swimfan anyway
its as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  couldnt really figure out how to flesh either out  so he just slopped em together here .
in xxx  diesel is that rare creature  an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
the movie is loaded with good intentions  but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story  minac drains his movie of all individuality .
under  ? a giggle a minute . over age  ? big fat waste of time .
an enthralling aesthetic experience  one thats steeped in mystery and a ravishing  baroque beauty .
just what makes us happy  anyway ?
an engaging  formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies  infusing into the story very real  complicated emotions .
just as moving  uplifting and funny as ever .
corpus collosum  while undeniably interesting  wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about  minutes in .
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . its like watching a nightmare made flesh .
despite its familiar subject matter  ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . .
. . . tara reid plays a college journalist  but she looks like the sixtime winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant  so i dont know what shes doing in here . . .
mr . clooney  mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
washington overcomes the scripts flaws and envelops the audience in his characters anguish  anger and frustration .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare  but mira nairs film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
irwin is so earnest that its hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience  which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
like most bond outings in recent years  some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
youd have to be a most hardhearted person not to be moved by this drama .
puportedly  based on true events   a convolution of language that suggests its impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
with all the sympathy  empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being  the hours is one of those reputedly  unfilmable  novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
its up to watts to lend credibility to this strange scenario  and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . .
imagine the cleanflicks version of love story   with ali macgraws profanities replaced by romancenovel platitudes .
if you think its a riot to see rob schneider in a young womans clothes  then youll enjoy the hot chick .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful  desirable  even delectable  as it does in trouble every day .
without resorting to hyperbole  i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best samesex romance i have seen .
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
to be influenced chiefly by humanitys greatest shame  reality shows  reality shows for gods sake !  is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead  he shows them the respect they are due .
using his audience as a figurative portofcall  dong pulls his evenhanded ideological ship to their dock for unloading  before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
canadian filmmaker gary burns inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting chops and they take full advantage .
fridas artistic brilliance is undeniable  its among the most breathtakingly designed films ive ever seen .
 a  hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning . . .  but  lohmans moist  deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer . . .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
its quite diverting nonsense .
its not helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
its as if a bored cage spent the duration of the films shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet ? 
from blushing to gushingimamura squirts the screen in warm water under a red bridge
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
if it tried to do anything more  it would fail and perhaps explode  but at this level of manic whimsy  it is just about right .
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom  while offering exceptionally welldetailed characters .
argento  at only   brings a youthful  outtochangetheworld aggressiveness to the project  as if shes cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
a moving  if uneven  success .
i liked this film a lot . . .
fortunately  elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative  of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral  schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orleans themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive  yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose  and in that ohsoimportant category  the four feathers comes up short .
its about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
stephen earnharts homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
a crushing disappointment .
the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the years worst cinematic tragedies .
a boring  wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age  screaming from the theater .
. . . is there a deeper  more direct connection between these women  one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and its what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spiderman does to the experiences of most teenagers .
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . .
as it stands its an opera movie for the buffs .
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
davis has energy  but she doesnt bother to make her heroines book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
another love story in s remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
a solid cast  assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
aptly named  this shimmering  beautifully costumed and filmed production doesnt work for me .
its directors most substantial feature for some time .
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their childrenand the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
pocas ideas interesantes  un final pseudo mstico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensacin de inconformidad que hace pensar ms de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . 
this isnt a  friday  worth waiting for .
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects  implausibility  and sags in pace  it rises in its courageousness  and comedic employment .
one of those pictures whose promising  if rather precious  premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilcos last album ?
a closetosolid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford parks .
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing  raffish charm and piercing intellect .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
the pace of the film is very slow  for obvious reasons  and that too becomes offputting .
a bit of a downer and a little overdramatic at times  but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleanders uninspired story .
the most amazing supersized dosage of goofball stunts any  jackass  fan could want .
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
on its own  big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
the film is small in scope  yet perfectly formed .
a bythenumbers patientdoctor pic that covers all the usual ground
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every  seconds .
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into  a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasnt  guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two  he probably wouldnt be too crazy with his greatgrandsons movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
bring on the sequel .
escaping the studio  piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
this reallife hollywood fairytale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
possession is in the end an honorable  interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry  but its not bad prose .
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed  but it could have been more .
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then  out of embarrassment or stupidity  not warning anyone .
even with harriss strong effort  the script gives him little to effectively probe lears soulstripping breakdown .
ihops dont pile on this much syrup .
theres . . . tremendous energy from the cast  a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick  bartleby performs neither one very well .
the film is a hoot  and is just as good  if not better than much of whats on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all cant stand .
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys  and its therapeutic to laugh along with them .
qutting may be a flawed film  but it is nothing if not sincere .
offers big  fat  dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah  what the hell .
somewhere in the middle  the film compels  as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems  but the field of roughage dominates .
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise  but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
 mostly martha  is a bright  light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
chos fans are sure to be entertained  its only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that  on the basis of this film alone  im not one of them .
a tender and touching drama  based on the true story of a troubled africanamericans quest to come to terms with his origins  reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
has far more energy  wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a    at the end of its title .
uno de los policiales ms interesantes de los ltimos tiempos .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this  its not scary in the slightest .
writer and director otar iosselianis pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
a little less extreme than in the past  with longer exposition sequences between them  and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolies surprising flair for selfdeprecating comedy .
its almost toospectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and goodnaturedly aimless story .
bad and baffling from the getgo .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity  steven soderberghs space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
theres nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
if melville is creatively a great whale  this film is canned tuna .
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . now he makes them .
bears resemblance to  and shares the weaknesses of  too many recent actionfantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent storytelling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
this is a dark  gritty  sometimes funny little gem .
impostor doesnt do much with its template  despite a remarkably strong cast .
. . . very funny  very enjoyable . . .
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera  hlne angel is definitely a director to watch .
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot !
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
a joyous occasion
the film falls short on tension  eloquence  spiritual challenge  things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for  centuries .
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry thats rare in film today  but be warned  its a slow slog to get there .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscarwinning master to lowly studio hack .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon  providing unexpected fizzability .
if youve ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like  here it is .
seldahls barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down  first by passion and then by illness .
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
hilarious  touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
this amiable picture talks tough  but its all bluster  in the end its as sweet as greenfingers . . .
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
a movie in which laughter and selfexploitation merge into jolly softporn empowerment . 
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy  a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly  this is surely what theyd look like .
. . . bright  intelligent  and humanly funny film .
reaches wholly believable and heartwrenching depths of despair .
adams  with four scriptwriters  takes care with the characters  who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
other than a mildly engaging central romance  hospital is sickly entertainment at best and minddestroying cinematic pollution at worst .
its a smart  funny look at an arcane area of popular culture  and if it isnt entirely persuasive  it does give exposure to some talented performers .
its a roadtrip drama with too many wrong turns .
even diehard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times  its awfully entertaining to watch .
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest  yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
for all the complications  its all surprisingly predictable .
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam  it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects  pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head  making it rousing  invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
its message has merit and  in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack  might have made a point or two regarding life .
spiderman is in the same category as xmen  occasionally brilliant but mostly average  showing signs of potential for the sequels  but not giving us much this time around .
. . . a delightfully unpredictable  hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
like shrek  spirits visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
its a stale  overused cocktail using the same olives since  as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch  its one of the worst of the entire franchise .
idiotic and ugly .
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche  its a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns  expensive cars  lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
its usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them  but olympia  wash .  based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and its what makes their project so interesting .
goyers screenplay and direction are thankfully understated  and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
sharp  lively  funny and ultimately sobering film .
a frantic search for laughs  with a hittomiss ratio that doesnt exactly favour the audience .
its not that kung pow isnt funny some of the time  it just isnt any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves  without all oedekerks impish augmentation .
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongueincheek weirdness  those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky  fun  popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent  indie trick in the book .
theres no real reason to see it  and no real reason not to .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice  the movie makes two hours feel like four .
katz uses archival footage  horrifying documents of lynchings  still photographs and charming old reeltoreel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history  but most powerful of all is the song itself
the pretensions  and disposable story  sink the movie . and diesel isnt the actor to save it .
an empty  purposeless exercise .
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin  at  or  .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay comingofage tale .
a chaotic panorama thats too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
the film truly does rescue the funk brothers from motowns shadows . its about time .
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the seas interpersonal drama  it aint halfbad .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and  because of its heightened  wellshaped dramas  twice as powerful .
arnolds jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime  with impressive results .
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional  even predictable remake  nolans penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends  it  stimulating depth .
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams  even though her performance is more interesting  and funnier  than his .
hugh grants act is so consuming that sometimes its difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
its a compelling and horrifying story  and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
a wellintentioned effort thats still too burdened by the actors offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesnt work .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
its incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians  another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly littleknown perspective .
the appeal of the vulgar  sexist  racist humour went over my head or  considering just how low brow it is  perhaps it snuck under my feet .
this time out  sade is an unsettlingly familiar figure  in turns loyal and deceitful  responsible and reckless  idealistically selfless and coldly selfinterested .
. . . a thoughtful whatif for the heart as well as the mind .
the metaphors are provocative  but too often  the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
the diversity of the artists represented  both in terms of style and ethnicity  prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious  as does the appropriately brief minute running time .
star trek was kind of terrific once  but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
significantly better than its  childrensmovie competition .
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of  the isle  youll get a sockyouintheeye flick that is a visual tourdeforce and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
the piano teacher  like its title character  is repellantly out of control .
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more  houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
its a very valuable film . . .
with we were soldiers  hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her  trying to understand her and wondering if shell crack .
for anyone who grew up on disneys  treasure island  or remembers the  victor fleming classic  this one feels like an impostor .
deep down  i realized the harsh reality of my situation  i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered .
the holiday message of the minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
a timely look back at civil disobedience  antiwar movements and the power of strong voices .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
the importance of being earnest  so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartletts familiar quotations
finally coming down off of miramaxs deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
what dumb and dumber would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent  lifeaffirming script .
broders screenplay is shallow  offensive and redundant  with pitifully few real laughs .
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
awesome work  ineffable  elusive  yet inexplicably powerful
the strippeddown dramatic constructs  austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics  obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
it is bad  but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
offensive in the way it exploits the hotbutton issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy  treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .
add yet another hat to a talented head  clooneys a good director .
it could change america  not only because it is full of necessary discussion points  but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
a slick  skillful little horror film .
poetic  heartbreaking .
en s mismo el rey len es un espectculo digno de contemplarse en cine  dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral  pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal .
for a good chunk of its running time  trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
bad . very bad . stultifyingly  dumbfoundingly  mindnumbingly bad .
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection  but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought lighthearted comedy was his forte .
. . . too sappy for its own good .
its definitely a step in the right direction .
while this film has an a list cast and some strong supporting players  the tale  like its central figure  vivi  is just a little bit hard to love .
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
this is wild surreal stuff  but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like youre going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about  but not enough to make this anything more than another bigbudget bust .
chans stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that theres really not much of a sense of action or even actioncomedy .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
this rich  bittersweet israeli documentary  about the life of songanddanceman pasachke burstein and his family  transcends ethnic lines .
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
 not really as bad as you might think ! 
the directors many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship thats low on both suspense and payoff .
a movie that both thrills the eye and  in its overthetop way  touches the heart .
shame on writerdirector vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens  obsessive relationships  and rampant adultery so dull .
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls  group articulates a flood of emotion .
you wont have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such lifeembracing spirit that the theme doesnt drag an audience down .
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that cant totally hide its contrivances  but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
this movie is something of an impostor itself  stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
for the future  one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
this minute dud could pass for mike tysons e ! true hollywood story .
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness  with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
human nature talks the talk  but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
a graceless  witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up  everythings in place but somethings just a little offkilter .
one problem with the movie  directed by joel schumacher  is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
a bythenumbers effort that wont do much to enhance the franchise .
everyones to blame here .
rather than real figures  elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the nafs encounter with the world .
reggios continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thoughtprovoking .
one of the years best films  featuring an oscarworthy performance by julianne moore .
roman polanskis autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than shindlers list  it is more than merely a holocaust movie .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
a sly female empowerment movie  although not in a way anyone would expect .
a fascinating  unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
throughout all the tumult  a question comes to mind  so why is this so boring ?
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
meyjess movie  like max rothmans future  does not work .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washingtons fine performance in the title role .
. . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex  outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
plays less like a comingofage romance than an infomercial .
the concert footage is stirring  the recording sessions are intriguing  and  on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity  this quality band may pick up new admirers .
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isnt as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
essentially an exceptionally wellwritten  welledited  welldirected  wellacted  bald ripoff of aliens .
far too clever by half  howards film is really a series of strungtogether moments  with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies  daydreams  memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
the plots contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
i couldnt recommend this film more .
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
with the exception of mccoist  the players dont have a clue on the park . the acting isnt much better .
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger  all for easy sanctimony  formulaic thrills and a hamfisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
not a cozy or ingratiating work  but its challenging  sometimes clever  and always interesting  and those are reasons enough to see it .
the plot is very clever  but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events  all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
drumline is  the mere suggestion  albeit a visually compelling one  of a fully realized story .
its not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor  but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
though it draws several decent laughs  its lowcal woody at best .
ongs promising debut is a warm and welltold tale of one recent chinese immigrants experiences in new york city .
 wendigo is  why we go to the cinema  to be fed through the eye  the heart  the mind .
a sloppy  amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
we can see the wheels turning  and we might resent it sometimes  but this is still a nice little picture  made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
two big things are missing  anything approaching a visceral kick  and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
though its story is only surface deep  the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime looksee .
. . . familiar and predictable  and ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than  writerdirector  franc . reyes word processor .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
directed in a paintbynumbers manner .
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
the movie isnt just hilarious  its witty and inventive  too  and in hindsight  it isnt even all that dumb .
grownup quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand  and mccracken knows thats all that matters .
the real question this movie poses is not who ?  but why ? 
its enough to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who dont care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
its a bad sign when youre rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects deaths just so the documentary will be over  but its indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
nicolas cage isnt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray  and this movie wont create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured  and torturing  artists and consuming but impossible love that you cant help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .
while american adobo has its heart  and its palate  in the right place  its brain is a little scattered  ditsy  even .
tells  the story  with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plots persnickety problems is simply a matter of  being  in a shrugging mood .
the acting by the overs lacks spark  with csokas particularly unconnected .
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
psychologically revealing .
its one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing  and unprecedented  construction project going on over our heads . its quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
its weird  wonderful  and not necessarily for kids .
youll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly  watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea  shed an errant tear .
the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
the bigscreen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and wellcrafted in comparison .
. . . the plot weaves us into a complex web .
if its possible for a sequel to outshine the original  then sl does just that .
wellshot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
notwithstanding my problem with the movies final half hour  im going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal  and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
no way i can believe this load of junk .
the performances are strong  though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
its truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter  but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
stealing harvard doesnt care about cleverness  wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
whats most offensive isnt the waste of a good cast  but the films denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
to the civilized mind  a movie like ballistic  ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
its fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
in an effort  i suspect  not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted  it offends by just being wishywashy .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a baitandswitch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams  visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ?
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for .
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness  fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil   sade  covers the same period as kaufmanns  quills  with more unsettlingly realistic results .
solaris  is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
a drama of great power  yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation  but that shouldnt make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
its deepsixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in theres something about mary and devise a parallel clonegag .
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
like these russo guys lookin for their mamet instead found their sturges .
beating the austin powers films at their own game  this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
a semiautobiographical film thats so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
at its most basic  this cartoon adventure is that windinthehair exhilarating .
maelstrom is strange and compelling  engrossing and different  a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this selfinfatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard  but hes the most obvious one .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a very sneaky butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts
scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent  perdition  meanwhile  reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas .
im not sure which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxvilles stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy  kinky fun .
you can see the wouldbe surprises coming a mile away  and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down .
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros .  peter and bobby  and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end  along with greens halfhearted movie career .
lame  haphazard teen comedy .
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
pumpkin struts about with  courage  pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltowns seasoned veterans of gossip  wealth  paranoia  and celebrityhood .
enough trivializes an important crisis  reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
the film is saved from arentkidscute sentimentality by a warmth that isnt faked and a stately sense of composition .
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
a threehour cinema master class .
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
enticing and often funny documentary .
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people  relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film .
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
the intent is almost exactly the same as the full monty . all thats missing is the spontaneity  originality and delight .
sure  its contrived and predictable  but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though its never as solid as you want it to be .
mark me down as a nonbeliever in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
gere gives a good performance in a film that doesnt merit it .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
weird  vulgar comedy thats definitely an acquired taste .
schindlers list it aint .
this readymade midnight movie probably wont stand the cold light of day  but under the right conditions  its goofy  if not entirely wholesome  fun .
the streets  shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus  may be as authentic as they are mean  but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .
as immaculate as stuart little  is  it could be a lot better if it were  well  more adventurous .
despite its shortcomings  girls cant swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch  and its a worthy entry in the french comingofage genre .
this sensitive  smart  savvy  compelling comingofage drama delves into the passiveaggressive psychology of codependence and the struggle for selfesteem .
don michael paul uses quickcuts   very  large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double  for seagal  .
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs  but mr . earnharts quizzical  charming movie allows us to see them  finally  as artists .
a minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless  witless  and devoid of anything resembling humor .
not far beneath the surface  this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
too lazy to take advantage of its semihumorous premise .
woven together handsomely  recalling sixties rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to dont look back .
. . . less a story than an inexplicable nightmare  right down to the populations shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
youve already seen heartbreak if youve watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
for all its technical virtuosity  the film is so mired in juvenile and nearxenophobic pedagogy that its enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
a moving and weighty depiction of one familys attempts to heal after the death of a child .
newton draws our attention like a magnet  and acts circles around her better known costar  mark wahlberg .
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
a wild  endearing  masterful documentary .
what sets ms . birots film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents  and particularly the fateful fathers  in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like masterpiece and triumph and all that malarkey  but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers time with a gobbler like this .
. . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
a hip ride into hypertime  clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
despite the pyrotechnics  narc is strictly by the book .
it doesnt make for great cinema  but it is interesting to see where ones imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy  jovial team .
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far  and that does not include the  oclock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
this version of h . g . wells time machine was directed by h . g . wells greatgrandson . they should have found orson welles greatgrandson .
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo  stitch had in spades  charisma .
. . . an agreeable timewasting device  but george pals lowtech  version still rules the epochs .
a colorful  vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse  lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
apesar de seus graves problemas  o filme consegue entreter .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesnt need gangs of new york .
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trashcinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
im happy to have seen it  not as an alternate version  but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boats malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest  the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization  humor or plain old popcorn fun .
the movie isnt always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life  than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
this orange has some juice  but its far from freshsqueezed .
watching war photographer  you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
more maudlin than sharp .
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times  but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .
andersson creates a world thats at once surreal and disturbingly familiar  absurd  yet tremendously sad .
while its nothing we havent seen before from murphy  i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that its more than a worthwhile effort .
what makes the movie work  to an admittedly limited extent  is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers . weaver and lapaglia are both excellent  in the kind of lowkey way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
from the opening strains of the average white bands  pick up the pieces   you can feel the love .
a quaint  romanticized rendering .
love may have been in the air onscreen  but i certainly wasnt feeling any of it .
its a drawling  slobbering  lovable runon sentence of a film  a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
paxtons uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
gee  a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama  but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from pauls perspective .
roger michell  who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england  gets too artsy in his american debut .
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a traditionbound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meetcute gimmick .
though the book runs only about  pages  it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisis seems skimpy and unclear .
for the most part  director annesophie birots first feature is a sensitive  extraordinarily wellacted drama .
nohes documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible  he isnt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesnt just slip  it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
this is really just another genre picture .
i hate this movie
too much of nemesis has a tired  talky feel .
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
