xxx.com	1 star	27 Jun 2014	So the flipkart customer services said-Almost all the pieces have volume problem. That's explains the low price. I've requested for replacement but they are ready to refund as none of the pieces are good. Well then why on earth Flipkart is selling the defective pieces knowingly?
xxx.com	1 star	26 Aug 2014	i ordered my tv and got this product on promise date but the problem is when i received the product i was told that a guy would come for installation within 48 hours.its almost 10days no one has turned up for installation.i m really unhappy with thisi m a frequent buyer from flipkart but this product has changed my thinking towards flipkartcoz if u can't delight ur customer whats the use buying from herei called flipkart even chat almost 3 times i contacted flipkart guys no one turned up. when i called micromax they say there is no registraion of an installtioni had a lost of Rs.1000/- as i did installation from an outsider he charged me RS.1000/-now who will pay Rs.1000/- will flipkart pay huh very disappointing
xxx.com	1 star	22 Aug 2014	Nice beautiful and technically good LED in the price tag and flipkart has delivered it safe a day earlier than the scheduled delivery time --but I'm very sorry to say that after sales service from Micromax is extremely poor which will made me to think many times to purchase a Micromax LED. Now micromax saying it will not support 5.1 home theater & it will only support 2.1 audio system.What a pathetic TV !!so if possible i will rate -.
xxx.com	1 star	04 Jul 2014	This is one of my worst experience in Getting order delivery. I would not rate best on TV, its really nice and one of the best Product. but i would like to give negative point to Flipkart service for their Customer service / Installation of Product / Communication about delay / Commitment which they made with their client.It was really nightmare for me to get product at my house and installation done and experience with calling multiple time with Flipkart Support team.About Product , its one of the best Product with really good Picture quality, i would recommended any one to buy this product but not from Flipkart with that poor customer communication/commitment level.
xxx.com	5 stars	05 May 2014	I ordered this product on 3rd of May and received a call the very same evening from flipkart saying they would be delivering the product on 4th. The next day morning the product arrived in a spick and span condition with the proper delivery equipment.Now about the Television:Pros:####1. Amazing picture quality. I feel the picture quality is better than the Sony range of 32inches and equavelent to the samsung 32 inch quality.2. The tv is light as a feather and extremely easy to install. I installed it myself on the stand and it is easy, steardy as well as allows you the flexibility to turn or ild the viewing position.3. It has 2 USB ports compared to other TVs in it's segment which have just 1 and are much more expensive. Whats more that it plays all the formats expect for the FLV.4. 2 HDMI ports allows for multiple products without having the hassle of using one or the other and the optical fibre audio output allows for connection to home theatres.Cons:####1. The sound quality could have been a little better but it is perfectly fine to the normal TV viewer and in case you wish to really enhance the sound you can always connect speakers to the auxiliary port.2. The remote could be a tad better responsive.I would recommend this TV for anyone who wishes to enjoy HD quality LED viewing without having to spend like crazy on brands like Sony or Samsung.
xxx.com	5 stars	12 Jun 2014	Yesterday i got this TV from flipkart .Thanks for flipkart such a great product delivering and giving less price compared to other market prices.Pros:1.Picture quality is very nice,i cant tell in words..2.i connected my 1 TB hard disk ,it supporting all formats like Mp4,MKV,mp3,AVi,divx etc.and displaying images JPEG,png,bmp, it will support to read .txt file also.3.we can play music files.4.looks very nice and really you wont get this price with any other companies like Samsung,lg,etc.even it has two usb ports and audio input,Samsung ,lg ,Sony they will give only one usb and no audio outputs.5.coming to price lesser than other brands. and tv remote control features also very nice easily can operate.6.sound also good and there is power audio option u can adjust more loud volume also.CONS:no negative points in my point of view.really worth buying of this product such a a price u wont get anywhere like this features with less cost.but people will think if it is foreign product means something will be there ,stop those thinking ,try to use Indian products.i observed people are telling mkv format is not giving sound,because if audio is in dts format it wont play,upto now no led hd reay Tv except smart tv'swont support this format you have to convert to ac3 audio format ,then it will play... Any doubts you can ask me.
xxx.com	5 stars	05 May 2014	Dont look any further if your budget is below 25k. Display quality will blow you away, even the sound quality is excellent.Best of all, FK got the tv installed in my home within 30hrs flat.
xxx.com	5 stars	12 May 2014	Excellent product. Flipkart delivery was prompt. Product comes with wall mounting or table top accessories.Micromax technician came and installed in 2 days. Wall mounting without extra charge. Clarity is awesome. Using since 2 weeks now and no complaints.
xxx.com	4 stars	11 Apr 2014	Got it from market at rupee 17.5k and using it since one month and very happy with quality of tv,specially display quality and connectivity options.
xxx.com	2 stars	09 Jul 2014	SOUND DEFECT IN THE PRODUCT VIA USB MANY OF THE MOVIES IN MKV FORMAT AUDIO SOUND IS NOT SUPPORTING IS THE BIGGEST DEFECT IN THE PRODUCT OTHER USAGE LIKE SET TOP BOX IS WORKING GOOD BUT SOUND QUALITY IS NOT MUCH WELL
xxx.com	1 star	13 Nov 2014	My order number OD301232804195520100.They have given me the worst experience till date. All I want to say is dont commit false promises and make fool out of your customers. No proper response from your customer service stating that, Needed extra 24 hours to update me only Status ??????Upon it giving mail like you were not available to collect the product.Due to their false promise, I have wasted my 2 business days and make a loss of it.As per their conversation, they promise me the delivery at least by today i.e. 3rd day after their scheduled delivery and I am still waiting for the same.
xxx.com	3 stars	27 Jun 2014	1. What I noticed is something others did not..I am amused why ?Lets talk about the look and feel..feels like cheap plastic..not the glam looks of a samsung and the Lgs that i own2. Video performance at par with the 26inch LG i own .3. An 7 on 10 for the audio while a 9 on 10 for the video crispness though poor skin tones, i will again settle for a 7 on 10.4. Picked all video formats and loaded them super fast. a Big thumbs up there.Though some of the mkv movie files play without sound..awww grrr whyyy?5. Un-natural skin tones ..the skin has unnatural yellows and greens .5. Micromax take their own sweet time to come for a demo and installation that makes me a bit scared in case i need future support from them.find a video review on YouTube by me ,search by my name and product name i.e Mohit Manuja + Micromax 32B200HD 32 inches LED TV
xxx.com	5 stars	14 May 2014	I found it more than what i paid for.do not ignore Stabilizer. my last TV 40K got fried since they told it doesn't require stabalizer, its inbuilt.. but 4 years later it fried up..picture is good.sound is loud enough but not good enough..i would say more than value for money..
xxx.com	4 stars	30 Jan 2015	First,I am very happy for buying this product in Flipkart. This product had been delivered within 2 days. I was searching for a good economic LED TV for almost 2 months. Compare to all other vendors, I found low price in Flipkart with exchange offer.Though Micromax delayed on installation due to long weekend, I could able to fix it by myself. Its very simple. All options in remote control are simple to understand.Advantages:1.Low Price with Exchange offer2.Good clarity, Simple to install & use3.Packing & Delivery4.Able to play almost most of the video formatsDisadvantages:1.As everyone say, sound is not good while using USBIf you are looking for a good, low price LED TV, This is the best product. According to me, investing more than 30K for same 32" branded LED TV is not a good idea.!!!
xxx.com	2 stars	23 Jun 2014	I ordered this product on 16th June and 17th morning I got this delivered.But for installing it Micromax didn't even contacted me for 5 days.Honestly saying the customer satisfaction is very poor from Micromax side.When I contacted Micromax technician he just ingnored my complaint and he didn't even bothered about speaking me in a proper manner.So I just installed the product myself. So i will not refer you to buy this product because of the poor support from Micromax.
xxx.com	1 star	24 Jun 2014	The led tv was recd. on the 21st of June at 12.20 pm I am the 3rd person who has been made to suffer..other 2 guys had waited for 5 days and 7 days respectively and than one of them did a self installation in disgust going by the reviews left by some other buyers.I am going to spread the word like fire about micromax and Flipkart if the installation does not happen by late evening
xxx.com	4 stars	06 Aug 2014	I was looking for a led TV for my parents in Kolkata as a gift as they themselves didn't want to spend to upgrade from their12 years old 29 inch samsung CRT. i am using a MMX A110 mobile for 2 years and it is working fine as of now, so took risk and ordered this TV. I only ensured it has a service center in Kolkata. I have ordered the same from Hyderabad. The TV was delivered within 2 days(ordered on Sunday night, delivered by Tuesday morning) and micromax mounted the same within 6 hours of delivery.Pros : the backlit, colour and sharpness is awesome. i have recently gone home and checked myself. have two HDMI and 2 USBs(MY 2 year old LG LED have only one) also it is thin and light.perfect for my parents.though it is 720 P but it hardly matters for a 32 inch tv, that also with local cable !!!!Cons : Sound is a bit letdown although enough for medium size room, it is not as much clear for the ear.The remote is very flimsy and even local Chinese dvd remote is better built. It can play almost all video formats although no sounds for high resolution .mpk files.The mounting clamp is not firm enough and that scares me. cannot comment on after sales services.Verdict : If you can bear with the limitations ( High resolution MPK files, FLV files ) you can definitely buy this product,Best value for money product, recommended for aged people or as a 2nd TV. for better sounds you can use a 2.1 channel speaker or higher (i am using a 5.1, gives awesome sound). what more you can expect from a 16000 Rs LED TV (14000/- in exchange of a 15 year old BPL 21 inch in working condition)Some words for Flipkart : Flipkart service has been exceptional as always and they are the best in terms of service,packaging and consumer satisfaction.before buying this TV tried calling the help line for the exchange offer. The customer care guy was very informative and easily made me understand the process which was also an easy one. flipkart not only schedules delivery date but also delivery time for high value products. And all this praise is coming from a person who even buys vegetables online. I use at least 5-6 online vendor , though Flipkart is a bit pricy at times, but hats off to their service.
xxx.com	4 stars	04 Jun 2014	This product is simply awesome...far far ahead from Sony and Samsung with the same spec and at less than half the price.Delivery : In less than 24 hours from FlipkartInstallation : I got a call for installation even before it was actually delivered. :)Display: Great ( Using Tata Sky HD) is good in SD tooSound : This is the only place where it is lagging a bit, but looking at the amount you spent and using DTH it can be overlooked.Looks: GreatWorth every single penny I have spent.East or West India(n product) is best ;)
xxx.com	5 stars	25 May 2014	Amazing product for this price. Micromax LED 32. I ordered this product two days before and got it on 24th May 2014. I installed it by myself (not mounted to wall), i mounted it on Table.It is very easy to install. And It video clarity is excellent and as well as sound also. I am planning to buy a woofer and add to it. I would recommend this Micromax LED for everyone. Don't miss this offer. Go on...
xxx.com	1 star	10 Jun 2014	i received my product in less than 3 days... but its been over a week as i've not received any call from flipkart or micromax for,installation...still waiting without a tv for so many days as i exchanged my old tv for this one...any help????
xxx.com	2 stars	01 Aug 2014	Update: Sound quality has deteriorated now with unwanted noise and low clarity. This exists both with and without external speakers. Sometimes noise is unbearable.Old: I have been using this TV since 12th July of this month and found no problems with it. The sound quality problem reported by others is also not there, maybe their expectation was too high for the price they paid. Flipkart delivery was fast, Micromax installation took a bit more time. Also the mounting bracket could be a bit more sleek, because the TV projects a bit too much from the wall.Flipkart had mentioned the product specification wrongly that this TV has wifi connectivity because of which I bought this TV :( ... But it turned out it was not there. Now they have corrected it after my complaint.One thing I don't understand, there are two latest (2014) models available at lower price than this 2013 model - Micromax 32T42ECHD and Micromax 32T1111HD. They are sleeker and lightweight though have less number of ports. I believe you should buy those models instead of this.
xxx.com	5 stars	26 May 2014	I bought this TV via Flipkart.First of all it plays all the formats of movie files MKV, MP4 and AVI, thats the only reason i bought this TV.Secondly, this TV has a subtitles facilities for the movie if you have got a file called *.srt for subtitles.Thirdly, the sound and picture clarity is awesome, all hands down for Micromax for such a wonderful product.Forthly, dont buy any other brand, just blindly order this product and enjoy.Fifthly, I am completely satisfied with Micromax and Flipkart, well done...looking more products from Micromax...nice company though...
xxx.com	5 stars	08 Jul 2014	A very great product at such a economical price, the display is just crystal clear and i am totally in love with it. The sound is also great and this is one of the best deal i could ever have. I also saved few buck from MINTADEAL website. they offer flipkart vouchers. So for mr its double bonanza.
xxx.com	4 stars	28 Jun 2014	I have been using this tv from past two days, bought this as a replacement for my 24 led tv (Sony - EX430) since 24 inch tv is too small for my room, i got this for a price of rupees - 14,260/- from amazon.in1) Look & Feel : ( 7/10 )The build quality of this tv is not in par with other brands like sony, samsung and LG but still at this price its acceptable, the front panel design is good and USB and HDMI ports can be accessed easily. Tv also comes with a wall mount kit.2) Connectivity : ( 10/10 )It comes with 2 USB & 2 HDMI inputs, other top brands provides only one USB at the higher price, it plays all video formats with ease.3) Video : (10/10)The video and picture quality is in par with samung (32EH4003) and better than my previously used Sony EX-430 at this price we cant ask for any better, micromax has done a great job here4) Audio : (6.5/10)This is where micromax could have done better, the audio quality is not acceptable if you are using the tv in a large room, for small and medium sized room audio will not be an issue. This can be overcome buy using external speakers.5) Pricing & VFM factor : (10/10)This tv is available at the price between rupees 14300 to 16000 in different websites and at this price tag its a real value for money.OVERALL RATING - [ 8.7/10 ]
xxx.com	1 star	25 Apr 2014	why flipkart keeps fluctuating the price of the products ... its really annoying and unacceptable ... this is really bad practice by flipkart.. never expected
xxx.com	1 star	26 Aug 2015	micromax TV is worst product to buy, i bought this TV 10 days back , within 3 days of installation TV video gone black, called Micromax service center 6 days back and even after so many follow up, no one came for checking, even flipkart is only providing replacement not refund, should de-list micromax tv from flipkart. my suggestion never buy this, definitely you will regret later.
xxx.com	1 star	16 Aug 2015	Do Not Buy this Product cant trust Mircomax , Just dont Go For Less price.One Night Its was Working when in morning switched on Screen display was not coming.One Special Thing is that in 3 days new TV was delivered but this old non-working TV request is not moving forward since 1 week of Complain
xxx.com	3 stars	11 Aug 2015	two star less becos of micromax . product not upto the mart. needs improvement. sounf quality is worst. when connected to 2.1 speaker out , both video and audio gets worst
xxx.com	1 star	29 Jul 2015	Picture Quality is not that good...Sound not at all audible...Called service person for audio problem..he advised to have additional system for that..It has no physical button for anything... Never recommend it to anyone...
xxx.com	5 stars	16 Jul 2015	Nice Product from Micromax.. Make in India.. Compare to brands like SONY,SAMSUNG i recommend this product..
